
# Begin A's
# Page 1 Column 1
ABAK Aback
ABAF Abaft
ABAND Abandon
ABAND-M Abandonment
ABAS Abase
ABASHT Abashed
ABAT Abate
ABAT-M Abatement
ABE Abbey
ABREV Abbreviate
ABREV^RE Abbreviatory
ABDEKNT Abdicant
ABDEK Abdicate
ABDEKSH Abdication
ABDOM Abdomen
ABDUK Abduct
ABDUKSH Abduction
ABERNT Aberrant
ABERASH Aberration
ABANS Abeyance
AB'OR Abhor
AB'ORNS Abhorrence
AB'ORNT Abhorrent
ABI Abide
A^B Ability
ABJ Abject

# Page 1 Column 2
ABJU Abjure
ABLASH Ablation
ABLATV Ablative
ABLSH Ablution
ABNEG Abnegate
ABNEGSH Abnegation
ABNOM Abnormal
ABOR Aboard
ABOD Abode
ABOLESH Abolish
ABOLSH Abolition
ABOLSHST Abolitionist
ABOMNB Abominable
ABOMNBN Abominableness
ABOMNAT Abominate
ABOMNSH Abomination
ABOREJ Aboriginal
ABOREJNES Aborigines
ABN Abound
AB About
ABU Above
ABRASH Abrasion
ABRASV Abrasive
ABRES Abreast
ABREJ Abridge
ABREJM Abridgment
ABROD Abroad

# Page 1 Column 3
abrog abrogate
abrogsh abrogation
abrp abrupt
abrpn abruptness
abss abscess
absknd abscond
abs absence
abse absentee
abso absolute
absolsh absolution
absol absolve
absob absorb
absopsh absorption
abstn abstain
abstmus abstemious
abstmusn abstemiousness
abstnens abstinence
ab^k abstract
ab^kt abstracted
ab^ksh abstraction
ab^us abstruse
absed absurd
absede absurdity
abn-dns abundance
abn-dn abundant
abeu abuse
abeu^v abusive

# Page 2 Column 1
abt-m abutment
abtl abuttal
abesml abysmal
abes abyss
akadmek academic
akadm^ke academically
akadmsh academician
akadme academy
aksed accede
aksedns accedence
aksel accelerate
akselsh acceleration
aksel^r accelerator
aksent accent
aksentut accentuate
aksentsh accentuation
aks( accept
aks( acceptance
aks(^b acceptability
aks(b acceptable
aks(sh acceptation
aks(s access
akss accessible
akss^b accessibility
aksesh accession
akssre accessory
aks accident
aks^l accidental
akla acclaim

# Page 2 Column 2
aklamsh acclamation
aklimat acclimate
aklimsh acclimation
akola accolade
akdt accommodate
akdsh accommodation
akpe^m accompaniment
akpe^st accompanist
akpe accompany
akples accomplice
akp accomplish
akpm accomplishment
akr accord
akrns accordance
akr^e accordingly
akoden accordion
akos accost
akt account
aktb accountable
akt-nt accountant
akre accredit
akresh accretion
akru accrue
akeum^u accumulate
akrse accuracy
akra accurate
akeu accuse

# Page 2 Column 3
akus accustom
asebte acerbity
as^a acetic
asetus acetous
asetlen acetylene
achev achieve
akrom^a|e achromatically
ased acid
asedte acidity
asedlus acidulous
ak acknowledge
akm acknowledgment
akme acme
akoli acolyte
akrn acorn
ak^st acoustic
aka acquaintance
? akas acquaintances
ake_s acquiesce
ake_sns acquiescence
aki acquire
akim acquirement
akes-sh acquisition
akestv acquisitive
ake_t acquit

# Page 3 Column 1
ake_tl acquittal
akrj acreage
akred acrid
akredte acridity
akremnus acrimonious
akremne acrimony
akrobt acrobat
akrob^a acrobatic
akrs across
akr^st acrostic
aksh action
akshb actionable
akv active
ak^v activity
aktr actor
aktres actress
aktl actual
akta| actually
aktre actuary
aktut actuate
akeumn acumen
akeut acute
adj adage
adamn-t adamant
adamn-tn adamantine
adap adapt
adap^b adaptability

# Page 3 Column 2
adapb adaptable
adapsh adaptation
adn-da addenda
adn-dm addendum
ade~ adder
adek addict
adeksh addiction
adsh addition
adr address
adre addressee
adr^r addresser
adus adduce
aduk adduct
adnoe adenoid
adep adept
adekse adequacy
adek adequate
ad'e~ adhere
ad'e~^ns adherence
ad'e~^nt adherent
ad'esh adhesion
ad'esv adhesive
adeu adieu
adpo adipose
ajasnt adjacent
ajkv adjective
ajoen adjoin

# Page 3 Column 3
aje~n adjourn
ajj adjudge
ajdek adjudicate
ajnk adjunct
aju adjure
ajus adjust
ajub adjustable
ajutn-t adjutant
amnes administer
amnes-sh administration
amnes^v administrative
amnes^r administrator
amnes^rex administratrix
amerb admirable
amerl admiral
amer^l admiralty
amerash admiration
mi~ admire
mi~^r admirer
amesb admissible
amsh admission
amet admit
ametns admittance
amextr admixture
amnesh admonish
amnsh admonition
adoles adolescent
adoles adolescence

# Page 4 Column 1
adp adopt
adpsh adoption
adorb adorable
adorash adoration
ador adore
adon adorn
adonm adornment
adr^a adriatic
adref adrift
adroe adroit
ad^ush adulation
adul adult
adlra adulterate
adlrash adulteration
adlre adultery
vans advance
av advantage
avus advantageous
avusn advantageousness
avnt advent
avntshus adventitious
avntr adventure
avntrus adventurous
averb adverb
avesre adversary
aves adverse

# Page 4 Column 2
aveste adversity
avet advert
avt advertise
avt-m advertisement
avt^r advertiser
vis advise
vis advisable
vis^b advisability
visr adviser
visre advisory
avkse advocacy
avkat advocate
adz adz
eja&'n Aegean
eola&'n Aeolian
a,rash aeration
a,era&'l aerial
arefm aeriform
aromete~ aerometer
arnot aeronaut
arn^a aeronautic
arn^as aeronautics
arplan aeroplane
arostsh aerostation
esth^a aesthetic
af^b affability
afb affable
afar affair

# Page 4 Column 3
afk affect
afktsh affectation
afk affection
afkshet affectionate
afint affiant
afdv affidavit
afela&'t affiliate
afela&'sh affiliation
af^nt affinity
afem affirm
afemsh affirmation
afematv affirmative
afex affix
afl afflict
aflsh affliction
afluns affluence
aflunt affluent
aflux afflux
afd afford
afra affray
afri affright
afrnt affront
af'nd aforehand
afmnsht aforementioned
afsed aforesaid
fra afraid
afr Africa

# Page 5 Column 1
af after
afklap afterclap
afkrp aftercrop
afmath aftermath
afnun afternoon
afthot afterthought
afd afterward
agn again
agns against
agat agate
aj age
ajse agency
aj agent
aglom agglomerate
aglomsh agglomeration
a|^ndiz aggrandize
a|^vat aggravate
a|^vash aggravation
a|^gat aggregate
a|^gsh aggregation
a|^s aggress
a|^sh aggression
a|^sv aggressive
a|^s)r aggressor
a|^v aggrieve
agas aghast
ajl agile

# Page 5 Column 2
aj^l agility
ajta agitate
ajtsh agitation
agn^st agnostic
agnosatss agnosticism
agog agog
agniz agonize
agne agony
a|^ran agrarian
a|^ agree
a|^b agreeability
? a|b agreeable
a|m^ agreement
a|^kl agricultural
a|^k agriculture
a|^kst agriculturist
ageu ague
a. ah
'a. aha
''ed ahead
''oe ahoy
agret aigret
alm ailment
aml aimless
amln aimlessness
are| airily
a~tit airtight

# Page 5 Column 3
il aisle
aja~ ajar
aken akin
alabas alabaster
alak^r alacrity
alam alarm
alas alas
alask alaska
albtros albatross
albm album
albeumn albumen
alkeme alchemy
alkol alcohol
alkolek alcoholic
alkolsm alcoholism
alkov alcove
ode~ alder
odemn alderman
ale~t alert
ale~t-n alertness
alj algebra
alj^ke algebraically
ala&'s alias
albi alibi
alen alien
alenb alienable
alenat alienate

# Page 6 Column 1
alensh alienation
alin align
alinm alignment
ala alike
alem aliment
alemre alimentary
alemne alimony
alekot aliquot
alav alive
alkal alkali
o( all
ala allay
alegsh allegation
alej allege
alejns allegiance
aleg^k allegorical
alegore allegory
aleva&'t alleviate
aleva&'sh alleviation
ala&ens alliance
alid allied
alegatr alligator
aletsh alliteration
alpthek allopathic
alpthe allopathy
alot allot
alotm allotment

# Page 6 Column 2
al allow
alb allowable
alns allowance
aloe alloy
o(spis allspice
alud allude
alr allure
alrm allurement
alsh allusion
alusv allusive
ali ally
omnak almanac
omate Almighty
amn-d almond
omo almost
alo aloe
alof aloft
alon alone
alng along
alngsi alongside
aluf aloof
alau aloud
alpka alpaca
alf alphabet
alf^a| alphabetical
alpn alpine
ore already

# Page 6 Column 3
oso also
ota~ altar
o(^ alter
o(^b alterable
o(^nt alterant
o(^ash alteration
o(^kat altercate
o(^kash altercation
o(^nat alternate
o(^natv alternative
otho although
altet altitude
altetudn altitudinal
alto alto
otu altogether
altrusm altruism
altrst altruist
altr^st altruistic
alm alum
alumn aluminium
almni alumni
alm-nus alumnus
ols always
amalg amalgam
amal amalgamate
amalsh amalgamation
amnunss amanuensis

# Page 7 Column 1
amas amass
amatr amateur
amatv amative
amatre amatory
amaz, amaze
amazm amazement
amaz^e amazingly
amazn Amazon
ambas ambassador
ambr amber
ambdex^r ambidexterity
ambdex ambidextrous
ambent ambient
ambgeu ambiguity
ambg ambiguous
amb ambition
amb ambitious
ambrosha ambrosia
amblans ambulance
ambusk ambuscade
ambsh ambush
amelra ameliorate
amelrash amelioration
amnb amenable
amn-d amend
amn-db amendable
amn-m amendment
am^nt amenity

# Page 7 Column 2
am America
am-n American
amthest amethyst
am^b amiability
ameb amiable
amek^b amicability
amekb amicable
amedushs amidships
ameds amidst
ames amiss
amete amity
amma&' ammonia
amunsh ammunition
amneste amnesty
mng among
mngs amongst
amrus amorous
am-t amount
ampar ampere
amprom amperometer
amfeba&' amphibia
amfebus amphibious
amfeb^o( amphibology
amfthet amphitheater
amp ample
amp^f amplification
amplef amplify

# Page 7 Column 3
ampletu amplitude
amput amputate
ampush amputation
amulet amulet
amus amuse
amusm amusement
amus^e amusingly
anakron anachronism
anema&' anaemia
anemek anaemic
anesthe anaesthesia
anest^a anaesthetic
an^g anagram
an^g^a anagrammatic
an^g^a| anagrammatical
an^o( analogical
analg analogous
an^o( analogy
analss analysis
analas analyst
anal^a| analytical
analiz analyze
anrk^k anarchical
anrkes anarchist
anrke anarchy
anatm^k anatomical
anatme anatomy

# Page 8 Column 1
anss ancestor
anssrl ancestorial
anssl ancestral
anssre ancestry
ankr anchor
ankrj anchorage
anchove anchovy
ansht ancient
anselre ancillary
an-dn-ta andante
ndin andiron
anekdt anecdote
anent anent
anj angel
anj^k angelical
ange~ anger
angl angle
anglr angler
angam Anglo-American
angsax Anglo-Saxon
angora Angora
angra| angrily
angre angry
ange_sh anguish
angul angular
angu^r angularity
anelen aniline

# Page 8 Column 2
anem animal
anemat animate
anemsh animation
anem^s) animosity
anemus animus
ankl ankle
anals annals
anel anneal
anex annex
anexsh annexation
anila annihilate
anilash annihilation
anev anniversary
*2 a\d Anno Domini
anota annotate
anotsh annotation
anns announce
annsm announcement
anoe annoy
anoens annoyance
anl annual
anle annually
anute annuity
anul annul
anulm annulment
annsash annunciation
anunsa^r annunciator

# Page 8 Column 3
anodin anodyne
anoent anoint
anom anomalous
anoma| anomaly
anon anonymous
nuth another
ans answer
ansb answerable
ansl answerless
a^g antagonist
a^g^st antagonistic
a^gniz antagonize
a^rktek antarctic
a^sed antecede
a^sedns antecedence
a^sedn antecedent
a^ssr antecessor
a^cham antechamber
a^dt antedate
a^del antediluvian
a^lop antelope
a^me~da&'n antemeridian
a^mn-dan antemundane
a^nup antenuptial
a^pask antepaschal
a^penul antepenult
a^prand anteprandial

# Page 9 Column 1
a^rr anterior
a^rm anteroom
anthem anthem
anth^o-e anthography
anthoe anthoid
anth^o(s anthologist
anth^o( anthology
anthsi anthracite
anthp^o anthropology
a^k antic
a^kris antichrist
a^sepnt anticipant
a^sep anticipate
a^sepsh anticipation
a^klimax anticlimax
a^dot antidote
a^loje antilogy
a^mnl antimonial
a^mne antimony
a^pthe antipathy
a^fn antiphon
a^pdl antipodal
a^pd antipode
a^pdes antipodes
a^ka_r antiquarian
a^k antique
a^kete antiquity

# Page 9 Column 2
a^sepk antiseptic
a^thess antithesis
a^tox antitoxin
antlr antler
anvel anvil
angsa&e anxiety
ank anxious
nebo anybody
n'au anyhow
ne-un anyone
ne' anything
aota aorta
apas apace
apachas apaches
apt apart
apt-m apartment
apth^a apathetic
apthe apathy
aperent aperient
ape~tr aperture
apex apex
aforsm aphorism
afrodi aphrodite
apa&'re apiary
apkref apocryphal
apol^a apologetic
apol apologize

# Page 9 Column 3
ap^o( apology
apoplaxe apoplexy
aposl apostle
aposta apostate
apostola apostolate
apostol apostolic
apostrfe apostrophe
apthekre apothecary
apthess apotheosis
apalashn appalachian
apol appall
apol^e appallingly
apratus apparatus
aprl apparel
aprnt apparent
aparesh apparition
apel appeal
apr appear
aprns appearance
apes appease
aplnt appellant
aplash appellation
apnd append
apndj appendage
apnd^ts appendicitis
apndex appendix
aprsepsh apperception

# Page 10 Column 1
ape~tn appertain
apti appetite
aptiz^e appetizingly
aplod applaud
aplos applause
apl apple
apla&ens appliance
aplek^b applicability
aplek applicant
aplsh application
apleka, applique
apli apply
oe appoint
oe^b appointable
oee appointee
oe^r appointer
oem appointment
aporsh apportion
aporshm apportionment
apos apposite
aposh apposition
apostv appositive
apras appraise
pareshb appreciable
apresh appreciate
apresh appreciation
apreshv appreciative
aprend apprehend

# Page 10 Column 2
aprens^b apprehensibility
aprensb apprehensible
aprensh apprehension
aprensv apprehensive
aprentes apprentice
apris apprise
aprch approach
aprchb approachable
aprbash approbation
aprpreb appropriable
aprprat appropriate
aprprash appropriation
aprva approval
aprv approve
aprx approximate
aprxsh approximation
ape~tns appurtenance
aprekt apricot
apr April
aprn apron
aprpo apropos
aptet aptitude
apte aptly
apt-n aptness
ak^a aquatic
ake_duk aqueduct
ake_us aqueous

# Page 10 Column 3
ake_len aquiline
arabn Arabian
arabk Arabic
arbte~ arbiter
arb arbitrary
arbtra arbitrate
arbtrash arbitration
arborel arboreal
arbtus arbutus
ark arc
arkada&' Arcadia
arkanum arcanum
a~ch arch
ark^oe archaeography
ark^o( archaeology
arkak archaic
arknj archangel
a~chbesh archbishop
a~chdekn archdeacon
a~chda&ess archdiocese
a~chduk archduke
a~kpelg archipelago
aktek architect
aktek^l architectural
aktekt architecture
arkiv archive
a~cha_ archway

# Page 11 Column 1
arktek arctic
a~d-nt ardent
a~dr ardor
a~dus arduous
ara&' area
arfaksh arefaction
aromete~ areometer
ajnt argent
ajnten argentine
argnot Argonaut
argose Argosy
argo argot
ageu argue
agm argument
argus Argus
aredte aridity
aris arise
aresto aristocracy
arestok aristocrat
areth arithmetic
areth^a| arithmetical
arethmetsh arithmetician
ark ark
a~m arm
a~mada armada
a~mam armament
a~matr armature

# Page 11 Column 2
a~mcha~ armchair
a~mna&'n Armenian
a~mf armful
a~m'ol armhole
a~mestes armistice
a~mre armory
a~me army
a~neka arnica
aroma aroma
arom^a aromatic
arnd around
araus arouse
aran arraign
aram arraignment
ara arrange
ara arrangement
arant arrant
ara array
ares arrest
ari arrive
ari arrival
arogns arrogance
arog arrogant
arogat arrogate
aro arrow
arsnl arsenal
arsnek arsenic
arsn arson
a~t art

# Page 11 Column 3
a~tre artery
a~tesh artesian
a~tf artful
a~tfn artfulness
a~tchk artichoke
a~t^k article
a~teklr articular
a~teklre articulary
a~tek^u articulate
a~tek^ush articulation
a~tek^uv articulative
a~tek^ur articulator
a~tfes artifice
a~tfesh artificial
a~tel artillery
a~tesn artisan
a~tes artist
a~t^st artistic
a~testre artistry
a~tl artless
a~tln artlessness
asbes asbestos
asend ascend
asen-dnse ascendancy
asen-dn ascendant
asensh ascension
asent ascent

# Page 12 Column 1
astn ascertain
as^a ascetic
asetss asceticism
askrb ascribable
askr ascribe
askrsh ascription
aseptek aseptic
ash ash
ashamd ashamed
ashn ashen
ashor ashore
as^a Asiatic
asi aside
aseni asinine
asen^nt asininity
sk ask
aslep asleep
asparg asparagus
aspk aspect
aspn aspen
asp^r asperity
asprsh aspersion
asfalt asphalt
asfexa&' asphyxia
asfexa&'t asphyxiate
asfexa&'sh asphyxiation
aspi^nt aspirant

# Page 12 Column 2
aspra aspirate
asprash aspiration
aspi aspire
asal assail
asalb assailable
asalnt assailant
assn assassin
assnat assassinate
assnsh assassination
asolt assault
asa assay
asar assayer
asemj assemblage
asem^ns assemblance
asem assemble
asem assembly
asent assent
ase~t assert
ase~te~ asserter
asesh assertion
ass assess
assm assessment
assr assessor
assrsh assessorship
aset asset
asevra asseverate
asedute assiduity
asedus assiduous

# Page 12 Column 3
asin assign
asin^b assignability
asinb assignable
asegnsh assignation
asene assignee
asim assignment
asinr assignor
asemelsh assimilation
asemel^v assimilative
asemela assimilate
sst assist
sstns assistance
sstn-t assistant
asiz assize
asosht associate
asosh association
asoshtv associative
asot assort
asot-m assortment
asa_j assuage
asa_jm assuagement
asmb assumable
asm assume
asmsh assumption
ashuns assurance
ashu assure
asera&'n Assyrian

# Page 13 Column 1
aste~ aster
astresk asterisk
asten astern
astroe asteroid
asma asthma
asm^a asthmatic
astegmat astigmatism
aste~ astir
astnsh astonish
ast-nd astound
astrkn astrakhan
astrl astral
astra astray
astri astride
astrenjse astringency
astrenjnt astringent
astr^o-e astrography
astr^o( astrology
astrmete~ astrometer
astron^r astronomer
astromek astronomic
astron astronomy
astut astute
asndr asunder
asilm asylum
atela, atelier
athesm atheism

# Page 13 Column 2
athest atheist
ath^st atheistic
ath^stl atheistical
athenem atheneum
athlet athlete
athl^a athletic
athl^as athletics
atho_t athwart
atl^n Atlantic
atlas atlas
at-mos atmosphere
at-mosk atmospheric
at-mos^k atmospherical
atm atom
atm^k atomical
atmiz atomize
atonb atonable
atonm atonement
atrosh atrocious
atr^s) atrocity
atrfe atrophy
atrpn atropine
atch attach
atcha, attache
atchm attachment
atak attack
atn attain

# Page 13 Column 3
atn^b attainability
atnb attainable
atn-m attainment
ata~ attar
atm-t attempt
atn-d attend
atn-dns attendance
atn-dn attendant
tnsh attention
atn-tv attentive
atneut attenuate
atneush attenuation
ates attest
ates-sh attestation
atek attic
ati~ attire
atet attitude
atne attorney
atne^sh attorneyship
atrk attract
artksh attraction
atrkv attractive
atreb attribute
atrebsh attribution
atresh attrition
atun attune
obe~n auburn

# Page 14 Column 1
oksh auction
okshe~ auctioneer
odashus audacious
od^s) audacity
od^b audibility
odb audible
odns audience
odt audit
odtr auditor
odtrem auditorium
ogm augment
ogmsh augmentation
ogm^v augmentative
ogr augur
og August
ant aunt
oreol aureole
or^k auricle
orora aurora
oskult auscultate
oskulsh auscultation
ospess auspices
ospesh auspicious
oste~ austere
ost^r austerity
oth^n authentic
oth^na| authentically

# Page 14 Column 2
oth^nat authenticate
othnt^s) authenticity
othr author
orthtv authoritative
oth^r authority
othrezsh authorization
othriz authorize
othrsh authorship
otb^or autobiographer
otb^o-e autobiography
otokrse autocracy
otok autocrat
otok^a autocratic
ot^o autograph
ot^ok autographic
ot^o-e autography
otm^a automatic
otm^a| automatical
otmatsm automatism
otmatn automaton
otnome autonomy
otpse autopsy
otm autumn
otml autumnal
oselre auxiliary
aval avail
avalb available

# Page 14 Column 3
avlanch avalanche
avares avarice
avaresh avaricious
avenj avenge
avnu avenue
aver aver
avrj average
avers averse
ave~t avert
ava&'re aviary
ava&'sh aviation
ava&'tr aviator
aved avid
avedte avidity
avkash avocation
voe avoid
voe^b avoidable
voens avoidance
avdpoe avoirdupois
avau avow
'uat await
'uak awake
'uakn' awakening
'uod award
'a_r aware
'ua away
o. awe

# Page 15 Column 1
osm awesome
of awful
'il awhile
okd awkward

# Page 15 Column 2
on' awning
ari awry
aks ax
aksem axiom

# Page 15 Column 3
aksem^a axiomatic
akss axis
aksl axle
ash,u azure

