
# Page 25 Column 1
kabret cabaret
kabj cabbage
kabn cabin
kab cabinet
kab cable
kab^g cablegram
kabus caboose
kakl cackle
kaktus cactus
kadavk cadaveric
kadav cadaverous
kadns cadence
kadnse cadency
kadt cadet
kadtsh cadetship
kaje~ cadger
kadlk cadillac
kafa, cafe
kafek caffeic
kafe,n caffeine
kaftnek caffetannic
kaj cage
karn cairn
kasn caisson
katf caitiff
kajol cajole

# Page 25 Column 2
kak cake
kalbash calabash
kalam calamitous
kal^mt calamity
kalash calash
kalkar calcareous
kalsf calcify
kalsemi calcimine
kalsin calcine
kalsit calcite
kalsem calcium
kalb calculable
kal calculate
kalsh calculation
kalv calculative
kal^r calculator
kodrn caldron
kalfesht calefacient
kalend calendar
kafsken calfskin
kalbr caliber
kaleko calico
kalesth calisthenics
ka call
ka^r caller
kal^er calligrapher
kal^ek calligraphic

# Page 25 Column 3
kal^ekl calligraphical
kal^e| calligraphy
kalipe calliope
kalus callous
kalo callow
kam calm
kam-n calmness
kalml calomel
kalores calorescence
kalok caloric
kalr^s) caloricity
kaloref calorific
kalor^f calorification
kalm-na&'t calumniate
kalm-na&'tr calumniator
kalm-nus calumnious
kalm-ne calumny
kalvre calvary
kambrk cambric
kaml camel
kameo cameo
kamera camera
kamerl^st cameralistic
kamomi~ camomile
kamp camp
kampn campaign
kamfr camphor

# Page 26 Column 1
kamfra camphorate
kampus campus
k can
kan Canada
kanadn Canadian
kanl canal
kana~d canard
kanare canary
kans cancel
kans-sh cancellation
kanser cancer
kdlabra candelabra
kd-nt candent
kdd candid
kddase candidacy
kddat candidate
kddatr candidature
kdd-n candidness
kded candied
kdl candle
kdr candor
kde candy
kan cane
kani canine
kaneste~ canister
kanke~ canker
kanre cannery

# Page 26 Column 2
kanebl cannibal
kaneblsm cannibalism
kanun cannon
kanunad cannonade
kn cannot
kane canny
kanu canoe
kanust canoeist
kanun canon
kanon^k canonical
kanunes canonist
kanunez-sh canonization
kanpe canopy
kt cant
ktalp cantaloupe
ktank cantankerous
ktata cantata
ktatres cantatrice
kten canteen
kte~ canter
kanthres cantharis
kt^k canticle
ktelev cantilever
ktela cantillate
kto canto
kan-tn canton
ktr cantor

# Page 26 Column 3
kanv canvass
kanv^r canvasser
kuchuk caoutchouc
kap cap
kap^b capability
kap capable
kapshus capacious
kapas capacitate
kap^s) capacity
kaprsn caparison
kapr caper
kapf capful
kapa&'s capias
kapl^r capillarity
kaplre capillary
kpt capital
kptes capitalist
kptez-sh capitalization
kptiz capitalize
kpta| capitally
kpt capitol
kaptlr capitular
kapt^u capitulate
kapn capon
kapres caprice
kapresh capricious
kaprekrn capricorn

# Page 27 Column 1
kapsiz capsize
kapstn capstan
kapston capstone
kapsolr capsular
kaps^u capsulate
kapsul capsule
kaptn captain
kaptnse captaincy
kapsh caption
kpashus captious
kaptvat captivate
kaptv captive
kap^v captivity
kaptr capture
kr car
karaf carafe
karml caramel
karat carat
krvan caravan
kara_ caraway
krbin carbine
krbne~ carbineer
krbolk carbolic
krbn carbon
krbnashus carbonaceous
krbnat carbonate
krbnek carbonic

# Page 27 Column 2
krbnezsh carbonization
krbniz carbonize
krbnk carbuncle
ka~d card
ka~dbor cardboard
ka~de~ carder
ka~da&'k cardiac
ka~dnl cardinal
ka~dnla cardinalate
ka~dnlsh cardinalship
ka~d^o cardiograph
ka~d^ok cardiographic
ka~doe cardioid
ka~d^ts carditis
ka care
karen careen
krer career
kaf careful
? kal careless
? kaln carelessness
kares caress
karet caret
ka-uon careworn
kago cargo
krbu caribou
karek caricature
krmn carmine

# Page 27 Column 3
krmnek carminic
krnj carnage
krnl carnal
krnat carnate
krnsh carnation
krneln carnelian
krnus carneous
krnev carnival
krnevus carnivorous
karl carol
karm carom
karaus carouse
karp carp
krpntr carpenter
krpt carpet
krj carriage
kae^r carrier
karut carrot
kae carry
kae-o( carryall
ka~t cart
ka~tj cartage
*2 ka~tblansh carte blanche
ka~tel cartel
ka~te~ carter
ka~tlj cartilage
ka~t^or cartographer

# Page 28 Column 1
ka~t^ok cartographic
ka~t^oke cartographically
ka~t^o-e cartography
ka~tn carton
ka~tun cartoon
ka~tunes cartoonist
ka~trej cartridge
krv carve
kaskad cascade
kas case
kasm casement
kasus caseous
kash cash
kashe~ cashier
kashme~ cashmere
kaseno casino
kasket casket
kasrol casserole
kask cassock
kast cast
kasta_ castaway
kast caste
kaste~ caster
kasteg castigate
kastegsh castigation
kasl castle
kastof cast-off

# Page 28 Column 2
kashu casual
kashusm casualism
kashute casualty
kashust casuist
kataklsm cataclysm
katlepse catalepsy
katl catalogue
katalpa Catalpa
katmn-t catamount
kat-fneks cataphonics
katrk cataract
kata~ catarrh
katarl catarrhal
katas catastrophe
kach catch
kache~ catcher
kachud catchword
katek^a catechetic
katek^a| catechetical
katekes-sh catechisation
katekesm catechism
katekiz catechize
kateg^k categorical
kateg category
kate~ cater
kate~^r caterer
katplr caterpillar

# Page 28 Column 3
kathed cathedral
kathod cathode
kathodel cathodic
kath Catholic
katholss Catholicism
kath^s) Catholicity
katl cattle
kkus caucus
kot caught
kolflr cauliflower
ks(^l causal
ks(-sh causation
ks( cause
ks(^les causeless
ks(a_ causeway
k^st caustic
kost^s) causticity
kotersm cauterism
koterezsh cauterization
koteriz cauterize
kosh caution
koshre cautionary
koshus cautious
kavlkad cavalcade
kavler cavalier
kavlre cavalry
kav cave

# Page 29 Column 1
kave~n cavern
kave~nus cavernous
kava&'r caviar
kavl cavil
k^v cavity
kavot cavort
ka&en cayenne
ses cease
sesl ceaseless
sesle ceaselessly
seda~ cedar
sed cede
sel' ceiling
seleb celebrate
selebsh celebration
sel^r celerity
selere celery
selest celestial
selebse celibacy
sel cell
selr cellar
seleu cellular
selloe celluloid
sellos cellulose
selt Celt
semn-t cement
semn-tsh cementation

# Page 29 Column 2
semetre cemetery
sensor censor
sensora censorate
sensorl censorial
sensorus censorious
sensorsh censorship
senshub censurable
senshu censure
senss census
sent cent
sentl cental
sen-tnra&'l centenarian
sen-tnre centenary
sen-tnl centennial
sn^ center
sn^bor centerboard
sn^pes centerpiece
sengra centigrade
sentem centime
sn^l central
sn^lezsh centralization
sn^liz centralize
sn^le centrally
sn^k centric
sn^kl centrical
sn^f centrifugal
sn^ptl centripetal

# Page 29 Column 3
sn^d centrode
sentplek centuplicate
sentrn centurion
sentre century
sera&'l cereal
serbrl cerebral
serbra cerebrate
serbrash cerebration
serbrk cerebric
s(emnl ceremonial
s(emnlsm ceremonialism
s(emnus ceremonious
s(emne ceremony
seres cerise
setn certain
setn-te certainty
setf certificate
s(et^f certification
setf certify
s(etet certitude
ssash cessation
sesh cession
seshre cessionary
chaf chafe
shagren chagrin
chan chain
chanl chainless

# Page 30 Column 1
chanlet chainlet
cha~ chair
cha~mn chairman
cha~mnsh chairmanship
shas chaise
chales chalice
chok chalk
chalen challenge
chalenb challengeable
chalen^r challenger
shale challis
chambr chamber
chambrlen chamberlain
kameln chameleon
shame chamois
shampan champagne
champn champion
champnsh championship
chans chance
chansel chancel
chanselr chancellor
chanselrsh chancellorship
chansere chancery
shandler chandelier
ch change
ch^b changeability
chb changeable

# Page 30 Column 2
chbn changeableness
chf changeful
ch^r changer
chanl channel
chant chant
kaos chaos
ka^a chaotic
ka^a|e chaotically
chap chap
chapl chapel
shapron chaperon
chaplen chaplain
chaplensh chaplainship
chaplet chaplet
chapte~ chapter
cha~ char
kak character
kak^st characteristic
kak^stl characteristical
kakezsh characterization
kakiz characterize
kak^l characterless
sharad charade
charkol charcoal
chj charge
chj^b chargeable
chje~ charger

# Page 30 Column 3
chare| charily
charen chariness
charot chariot
charote~ charioteer
cha~tb charitable
cha~tbn charitableness
ch^r charity
sha~latn charlatan
cha~m charm
cha~me~ charmer
cha~nl charnel
cha~t chart
cha~te~ charter
chare chary
karebdes Charybdis
chas chase
kasm chasm
shase chassis
chasn chasten
chatiz chastise
chat chat
shato chateau
shatlan chatelaine
chatl chattel
chate~ chatter
chate~^r chatterer
shofr chauffeur

# Page 31 Column 1
chep cheap
chepn cheapen
chepnes cheapness
chet cheat
chetb cheatable
chete~ cheater
chk check
chkr checker
chek cheek
chep cheep
che~ cheer
che~f cheerful
che~fn cheerfulness
chere| cheerily
cheren cheeriness
che~^e cheeringly
che~l cheerless
ches cheese
shef chef
kem^k chemical
kemes chemist
kemestre chemistry
cheresh cherish
sherut cheroot
chere cherry
cherub cherub
cherubk cherubic

# Page 31 Column 2
ches chess
chest chest
chesnut chestnut
shevler chevalier
shevut cheviot
chu chew
she,k chic
shekan chicane
chekn chicken
chid chide
chid^e chidingly
chef chief
cheftn chieftain
shefn chiffon
shefne~ chiffonier
chelblan chilblain
chil child
chil^d childhood
chilsh childish
chilshn childishness
chel children
chel chill
chelen chilliness
chele chilly
chim chime
kemera chimera
kemerk chimeric

# Page 31 Column 3
kemer^k chimerical
chm-ne chimney
chen chin
china China
chinamn Chinamen
chenchela chinchilla
chines Chinese
chenk chink 
chep chip
chepm-nk chipmunk
kir^o chirograph
kir^or chirographer
kir^ok chirographic
kir^okl chirographical
kir^o-e chirography
kir^o( chirological
kir^o(s chirologist
kir^o( chirology
cherp chirp
chesl chisel
shevark chivalric
shevarus chivalrous
shevare chivalry
klorl chloral
klora chlorate
kloren chlorine
klorfm chloroform

# Page 32 Column 1
klorus chlorous
chklat chocolate
choes choice
ki_r choir
cho,k choke
kolera cholera
kolrk choleric
chus choose
chop chop
kod chord
chor chore
koreste~ chorister
kor^o chorograph
kor^or chorographer
kor^okl chorographical
korus chorus
chos chose
chosn chosen
chaude~ chowder
kris Christ
kresn christen
kresn-dm Christendom
kresch Christian
kresch^nt Christianity
krisla Christlike
kres Christmas
krestid Christmastide

# Page 32 Column 2
kromat chromate
krom^a chromatic
krom^a|e chromatically
kromek chromic
kromotip chromotype
kronek chronic
kron^k chronicle
kron^kr chronicler
kron^or chronographer
kron^ok chronographic
kron^o( chronologic
kron^o(s chronologist
kron^o( chronology
kromete~ chronometer
krometrk chronometric
kresnthem chrysanthemum
chube chubby
chuk chuck
chukl chuckle
chm chum
chnk chunk
che~ch church
che~l churl
che~lsh churlish
che~n churn
shut chute

# Page 32 Column 3
side~ cider
segr cigar
segret cigarette
sench cinch
sendr cinder
senamn cinnamon
sifr cipher
sekl circle
seklet circlet
s(^t circuit
s(^tus circuitous
s(^l circular
s(^l^r circularity
s(^liz circularize
s(^la circulate
s(^lash circulation
s(^latr circulator
s(^ambent circumambient
s(^amb^u circumambulate
s(^klsh circumclusion
s(^dus circumduce
s(^duk circumduct
s(^dsh circumduction
s(^f circumference
s(^fl circumflect
s(^flex circumflex
s(^flexsh circumflexion

# Page 33 Column 1
s(^feu circumfuse
s(^feush circumfusion
s(^lok circumlocution
s(^lok^re circumlocutory
s(^nav^b circumnavigable
s(^nav circumnavigate
s(^navsh circumnavigation
s(^nav^r circumnavigator
s(^rotsh circumrotation
s(^skrb circumscribable
s(^skr circumscribe
s(^skrsh circumscription
s(^skrv circumscriptive
s(^sp circumspect
s(^spsh circumspection
s(^spn circumspectness
s(^stns circumstance
s(^stnsh circumstantial
s(^stnsha&'t circumstantiate
s(^vnt circumvent
s(^vnsh circumvention
s(^vntv circumventive
S(^vol circumvolve
s(^s) circus
ssten cistern
setadl citadel
sitsh citation

# Page 33 Column 2
sit cite
setef^t citified
setz citizen
setzsh citizenship
setra citrate
setrk citric
setrn citron
setrus citrus
sete city
svk civic
sv civil
sv^an civilian
sv^l civility
svez-sh civilization
sviz civilize
klad clad
kla claim
kla^b claimable
kla^nt claimant
klrvoens clairvoyance
klrvoe clairvoyant
klam clam
klame clammy
klamr clamor
klamp clamp
klan clan
klandestn clandestine

# Page 33 Column 3
klang clang
klangr clangor
klank clank
klansh clannish
klansmn clansman
klap clap
klaret claret
klar^f clarification
klaref clarify
klarnet clarinet
klarn clarion
kl^r clarity
klash clash
klasp clasp
klas class
klask classic
klas^ke classically
klas^f classification
klasf classify
klasmat classmate
klate~ clatter
klate~^e clatteringly
klos clause
klav^k clavicle
klo claw
kla clay
klen clean

# Page 34 Column 1
klene~ cleaner
klenle| cleanlily
klenen cleanliness
klene cleanly
klen-n cleanness
klensb cleansable
klens cleanse
klenser cleanser
kle clear
kle clearly
kle^ns clearance
klekut clear-cut
kle^r clearer
kle^n clearness
klevj cleavage
klev cleave
klevr cleaver
kleft cleft
klemates clematis
klemnse clemency
klemn-t clement
kleje clergy
klejmn clergyman
klejumn clergywoman
kler^k clerical
klr clerk
klrsh clerkship
klev clever

# Page 34 Column 2
klu clew
klek click
kli client
kli^j clientage
kli^el clientele
klef cliff
klimat climate
klimax climax
klim climb
klench clinch
kleng cling
klengston clingstone
klenek clinic
klen^k clinical
klenk clink
klep clip
kle,k clique
klo,k cloak
klok clock
klod clod
klog clog
kloeste~ cloister
kls close
kloset closet
kloshu closure
kloth cloth
kloths clothes

# Page 34 Column 3
klau cloud
klaude| cloudily
klaut clout
klov clove
klovr clover
kln clown
kloe cloy
klb club
kluk cluck
klmp clump
? klmse~n clumsiness
klmse clumsy
kluste~ cluster
klch clutch
klute~ clutter
koch coach
kochmn coachman
kol coal
ko,les coalesce
ko,lesns coalescence
ko,lesent coalescent
kors coarse
korsn coarsen
kos coast
kot coat
kox coax
koxer coaxer

# Page 35 Column 1
kox^e coaxingly
kob cobble
kobston cobblestone
kobe_b cobweb
kkan cocaine
kochnel cochineal
kkad cockade
kkl cockle
kkne cockney
kktal cocktail
kko cocoa
kknut cocoanut
kkun cocoon
kod cod
kodl coddle
ko,d code
kod-fesh codfish
koje~ codger
kodsel codicil
kodselre codicillary
kod^f codification
kodf codify
kofesht coefficient
ko,ers coerce
ko-ersb coercible
ko,ersh coercion
ko,ersv coercive

# Page 35 Column 2
kofe coffee
kofr coffer
kofn coffin
kog cog
kojse cogency
kojnt cogent
kojt^b cogitability
kojtb cogitable
kojta cogitate
kojtsh cogitation
kojtatv cogitative
konak cognac
knat cognate
knsh cognition
knetv cognitive
knezb cognizable
knezns cognizance
knezant cognizant
knomn cognomen
ko'er cohere
ko'erns coherence
ko'erent coherent
ko'esh cohesion
ko'esv cohesive
ko'ot cohort
ka_fur coiffure
koel coil

# Page 35 Column 3
koen coin
konsi coincide
konsdns coincidence
konsdn coincident
koene~ coiner
ko,k coke
kolandr colander
kold cold
kolde coldly
kold-n coldness
kolek colic
koleke colicky
kolsem coliseum
kolabra collaborate
kolaps collapse
kolr collar
kola collate
kolat collateral
kolash collation
koleg colleague
kol collect
kol^ana&' collectanea
kol^te collectedly
kol^t-n collectedness
kolb collectible
kolsh collection
kolv collective

# Page 36 Column 1
kolvn collectiveness
kol^r collector
kol^ra collectorate
kol^rsh collectorship
kolej college
kolejn collegian
kolejat collegiate
koli collide
kole collie
koler collier
kolere colliery
kolegat colligate
kolegsh colligation
kolesh collision
kolodn collodion
kolok colloquial
koloksm colloquialism
kolokiz colloquialize
koloke_ colloquy
kolud collude
kolon cologne
klmber colombier
koln colon
krnl colonel
krnlse colonelcy
krnlsh colonelship
kolon colonial

# Page 36 Column 2
kolnes colonist
kolnezsh colonization
kolniz colonize
kolnad colonnade
kolne colony
kul color
kulb colorable
kull colorless
kolos colossal
kolt colt
klmba&' Columbia
klmbin columbine
kolm column
kolm-na~ columnar
kmatos comatose
kom comb
kbat combat
kbatb combatable
kbatn-t combatant
kbatv combative
kome~ comber
kbinb combinable
kbnsh combination
kbi combine
kbus combust
kbus^b combustibility
kbus combustible

# Page 36 Column 3 
kbus-sh combustion
km come
kmeda&'n comedian
kmede comedy
kmen comeliness
kme comely
kmestb comestible
kmet comet
kft comfort
kftb comfortable
kftbn comfortableness
kfte~ comforter
kftl comfortless
kmek comic
km^k comical
kmek^l comicality
kmete comity
kma comma
kman command
kman^nt commandant
kmane~ commander
kmane~^sh commandership
kman^e commandingly
kman-m commandment
kmmra commemorate
kmmrash commemoration
kmmratv commemorative

# Page 37 Column 1
kmns commence
kmnsm commencement
kmn-d commend
kmn-db commendable
kmn-dsh commendation
kmnshu^b commensurability
kmnshub commensurable
kmnshu commensurate
kmnshush commensuration
kmn-t comment
kmn-tre commentary
kme~| commerce
kmesh commercial
kmeshsm commercialism
kmeng commingle
kmesera commiserate
kmeserash commiseration
kmesre commissary
kmsh commission
kmsha~ commissionaire
kmshe~ commissioner
kmet commit
kmet-m commitment
kmetl committal
kete committee
kmod commode
kmodus commodious

# Page 37 Column 2
kmodte commodity
kmodr commodore
kmn common
kmne~ commoner
kmnlth commonwealth
kmosh commotion
kmunl communal
kmun commune
kmu^b communicable
kmu^nt communicant
kmu communicate
kmu communication
kmu^v communicative
kmu^r communicator
kmneun communion
kmnsm communism
kmunes communist
kmu^nt community
knut^b commutability
kmutb commutable
kmutsh commutation
kmutatv commutative
kmut commute
kpak compact
kpakn compactness
kpanun companion
kpanunb companionable
kpanunsh companionship

# Page 37 Column 3
kp company
kprb comparable
kprbe comparably
kprv comparative
kpr compare
kprsn comparison
kpt-m compartment
kpas compass
kpash compassion
kpashat compassionate
kpt^b compatibility
kptb compatible
kptbn compatibleness
kpa^ot compatriot
kper compeer
kpl compel
kplb compellable
kpnd-m compendium
kpnsa compensate
kpnsash compensation
kpnstv compensative
kpnsa^r compensator
kpe compete
kptns competence
kptnse competency
kptn competent
kptsh competition

# Page 38 Column 1
kptetv competitive
kpete competitor
kpelash compilation
kpil compile
kplasns complacence
kplasnse complacency
kplas complacent
kp complain
kp^nt complainant
kp complaint
kplem complement
kp complete
kpsh completion
kplex complex
kplexsh complexion
kplexte complexity
kplexn complexness
kplib compliable
kplins compliance
kplint compliant
kplek complicate
kpleksh complication
kpl^s) complicity
kplir complier
kplem compliment
kplemre complimentary
kpli comply

# Page 38 Column 2
kpon component
kpor comport
kporm comportment
kpo compose
kpo^r composer
kpos composite
kposh composition
kpostv compositive
kpos^r compositor
kposhu composure
kpn compound
kpnb compoundable
kprend comprehend
kprens^b comprehensibility
kprensb comprehensible
kprensh comprehension
kprensv comprehensive
kprensvn comprehensiveness
kpres compress
kpres^b compressibility
kpresb compressible
kpresh compression
kpresv compressive
kpresr compressor
kprmis compromise
k^lr comptroller

# Page 38 Column 3
kplstre compulsatory
kplsh compulsion
kplsv compulsive
kplsre| compulsorily
kplsre compulsory
kpnk compunction
kpnkshus compunctious
kpub computable
kpush computation
kpu compute
kmrad comrade
kmradsh comradeship
kkatnat concatenate
kkav concave
kk^v concavity
ksel conceal
kselb concealable
kselm concealment
ksed concede
kset conceit
kse^b conceivable
kse conceive
ksn^t concentrate
ksn^sh concentration
ksn^tv concentrative
ksn^k concentric
ksep concept

# Page 39 Column 1
ksepsh conception
ks(en concern
ks(en^te concernedly
ks(enm concernment
ks(et concert
ksesh concession
ksela&'t conciliate
ksela&'sh conciliation
ksela&'tv conciliative
ksela&'tr conciliator
ksela&'tre conciliatory
ksis concise
ksisn conciseness
kklav conclave
kk conclude
kksh conclusion
kkv conclusive
kkk concoct
kkksh concoction
kkkv concoctive
kkmetn concomitant
kkod concord
kkodns concordance
kkodn-t concordant
kkrs concourse
kkret concrete
kkresh concretion

# Page 39 Column 2
kkr concur
kkrns concurrence
kkrnse concurrency
kke~nt concurrent
kkush concussion
kdm condemn
kdmb condemnable
kdmsh condemnation
kdns^b condensability
kdnsb condensable
kdnsash condensation
kdns condense
kdnser condenser
kdsen condescend
kdesn^e condescendingly
kdsensh condescension
kdin condign
kdem condiment
kdsh condition
kdshl conditional
kdsh^l conditionality
kdol condole
kdolm condolement
kdolns condolence
kdonsh condonation
kdon condone
kdus conduce

# Page 39 Column 3
kdusnt conducent
kdus^b conducibility
kdusv conducive
kduk conduct
kduk^b conductibility
kdukb conductible
kduksh conduction
kdukv conductive
kduk^v conductivity
kdukr conductor
kdet conduit
kon cone
kfab^u confabulate
kfab^ush confabulation
kfab^ure confabulatory
kfksh confection
kfkshe~ confectioner
kfkshre confectionery
kfedse confederacy
kfedra confederate
kfedrash confederation
kfer confer
kfere conferee
kferns conference
kferb conferrable
kfes confess
kfes confession

# Page 40 Column 1
kfeshl confessional
kfesr confessor
kfi confide
kf confidence
kf confident
kfdnsh confidential
kfe confidently
kfin confine
kfinm confinement
kfem confirm
kfemb confirmable
kfemsh confirmation
kfematv confirmative
kfeme~ confirmer
kfeskat confiscate
kfeskash confiscation
kflag conflagration
kfl conflict
kflv conflictive
kfluns confluence
kflunt confluent
kfm conform
kfm^b conformability
kfmb conformable
kfmsh conformation
kfmes conformist
kf^mt conformity
kfnd confound

# Page 40 Column 2
kfrar confrere
kfrnt confront
kfeu confuse
kfeush confusion
kfeut confute
kcha, conge
kjel congeal
kjenl congenial
kjen^l congeniality
kjes congest
kjesh congestion
kjestv congestive
kglom conglomerate
kglomsh conglomeration
kgrat^nt congratulant
kgrat congratulate
kgrat^ushn congratulation
kgr congregate
kgrsh congregation
kg congress
kgrus congruous
knek conic
kn^k conical
kjktl conjectural
kjkt conjecture
kjoen conjoin
kjoente conjointly

# Page 40 Column 3
kjug conjugal
kjugat conjugate
kjugsh conjugation
kjnk conjunction
kjnke conjunctly
kjnktr conjuncture
kju conjure
kek connect
kekte connectedly
keksh connection
kekv connective
knivns connivance
kniv connive
knesur connoisseur
knesursh connoisseurship
knota connotate
knotsh connotation
knotatv connotative
knot connote
knub connubial
kkr conquer
kkrb conquerable
kkrr conqueror
kkes conquest
kshns conscience
kshnshus conscientious
kshb conscionable

# Page 41 Column 1
kshus conscious
kshusn consciousness
kskrsh conscription
ksekra consecrate
ksekrash consecration
ksekeush consecution
ksekv consecutive
ksenshu consensual
ksenss consensus
ksent consent
ksek consequence
ksek consequent
kseknsh consequential
ksevash conservation
ksevtv conservative
ksevatr conservator
ksev^re conservatory
ksev conserve
ks consider
ks consideration
ks^b considerable
ks^at considerate
ksin consign
ksegnsh consignation
ksene consignee
ksinm consignment
ksinr consignor
kss consist
kssns consistence

# Page 41 Column 2
kssnse consistency
kssnt consistent
kssre consistory
ksolb consolable
ksolash consolation
ksol console
ksoled consolidate
ksoledsh consolation
ksma consomme
ksn consonant
ksnl consonantal
ksot consort
kspk conspicuous
ksprase conspiracy
kspratr conspirator
kspi conspire
kstb constable
kstnse constancy
kstn constant
kstela constellate
kstelash constellation
kstensh consternation
kstpa constipate
kstpash constipation
kstunse constituency
kstunt constituent
kst constitute

# Page 41 Column 3
kstsh constitution
kstshl constitutional
kstshlsm constitutionalism
kstshles constitutionalist
kstsh^l constitutionality
ks(^n constrain
ks(^nb constrainable
ks(^nt constraint
ks(^k constrict
ks(^ksh constriction
ks(^kv constrictive
ks(^nj constringe
ks(^njnt constringent
ks(^k construct
ks(^kr constructer
ks(^ksh construction
ks(^kv constructive
ks(^ construe
ksul consul
ksulr consular
ks^u consulate
ksulsh consulship
ksu consult
ksush consulation
ksmb consumable
ksm consume
ksme~ consumer

# Page 42 Column 1
ksmat consummate
ksmash consummation
ksmsh consumption
ksmtv consumptive
ktak contact
ktajn contagion
ktajus contagious
ktn contain
ktnr container
ktamnb contaminable
ktamn contaminate
ktamnsh contamination
ktamnatv contaminative
ktm contemn
ktmp contemplate
ktmpsh contemplation
ktmp^v contemplative
ktmp^r contemplator
ktmpran contemporaneous
ktmpre contemporary
ktm-t contempt
ktm-t^b contemptibility
ktm-tb contemptible
ktm-tus contemptuous
ktn-d contend
ktn-t content
ktnsh contention

# Page 42 Column 2
ktnshus contentious
ktn-t-m contentment
ktes contest
ktesb contestable
ktes^nt contestant
ktex context
kteg contiguous
ktn-nt continent
ktn-ntl continental
ktnjes contingency
ktnjnt contingent
ktnul continual
ktnuns continuance
ktneush continuation
ktnu continue
ktnud continued
ktnute continuity
ktnuus continuous
ktot contort
ktorsh contortion
ktur contour
k^band contraband
k^bandes contrabandist
k^k contract
k^k^b contractibility
k^kb contractible
k^kl contractile

# Page 42 Column 3
k^k^l contractility
k^ksh contraction
k^kv contractive
k^kr contractor
k^d contradict
k^dsh contradiction
k^d^re contradictory
k^lto contralto
k^ren contrariness
k^ri_s contrariwise
k^re contrary
k^s) contrast
k^ven contravene
k^vnsh contravention
k^b contribute
k^bsh contribution
k^btv contributive
k^b^r contributor
k^t contrite
k^t-n contriteness
k^sh contrition
k^vb contrivable
k^vns contrivance
k^v contrive
k^l control
k^l^b controllability
k^lb controllable

# Page 43 Column 1
k^lr controller
k^vese controversy
k^ve~tb controvertible
ktumashus contumacious
ktmse contumacy
ktume contumely
kteus contuse
kteush contusion
kvalesns convalescence
kvales convalescent
kvenb convenable
kven convene
kven convenient
kvnt convent
kvnsh convention
kvnshl conventional
kvnshlsm conventionalism
kvnshles conventionalist
kvnsh^l conventionality
kvnshliz conventionalize
kvej converge
kvejnt convergent
kvesb conversable
kvesns conversance
kvesnt conversant
kves-sh conversation
kves-shl conversational

# Page 43 Column 2
kves converse
kversh conversion
kve~t convert
kvex convex
kvexte convexity
kva convey
kvans conveyance
kvar conveyer
kvek convict
kveksh conviction
kvens convince
kvensb convincible
kvens'n convincingness
kviv convive
kvev convivial
kvev^l conviviality
kvkash convocation
kvk convoke
kvolut convolute
kvolsh convolution
kvol convolve
kvoe convoy
kvls convulse
kvlsh convulsion
kvlsv convulsive
kuk cook
kukre cookery

# Page 43 Column 3
kuke cooky
kul cool
kulr cooler
kuln coolness
kup coop
kupr cooper
kuprj cooperage
koop cooperate
koop cooperation
koop^v cooperative
koodnat coordinate
koodnsh coordination
kopt-ne~ copartner
kopt-ne~^sh copartnership
kop cope
kpe^r copier
kopus copious
kopusn copiousness
kopr copper
koprplat copperplate
koprsmeth coppersmith
kopes coppice
kopla copula
kop^u copulate
kpe copy
kpe^r copyholder
kpe^st copyist
kperi copyright

# Page 44 Column 1
kket coquet
kketre coquetry
kketsh coquettish
korl coral
kod cord
kodj cordage
koj cordial
koj^l cordiality
kodroe corduroy
ko,r core
korspond corespondent
kork cork
korkj corkage
krn corn
krne~ corner
krne~^t cornered
krnet cornet
krnes cornice
krnstok cornstalk
krnstach cornstarch
krolre corollary
kronat coronate
kronsh coronation
krone~ coroner
kronet coronet
krprl corporal
krpr^l corporality

# Page 44 Column 2
krpra corporate
kpr corporation
krporel corporeal
kor corps
korps corpse
krplens corpulence
krplent corpulent
krpusl corpuscle
koral corral
kr correct
kr^b correctible
krsh correction
kr^v corrective
kre correctly
krnes correctness
kr^r corrector
korela correlate
korelash correlation
korelatv correlative
kres correspond
kres correspondence
kres^nt correspondent
koredr corridor
korej^b corrigibility
korej corrigible
krob^nt corroborant
krob corrobrate
krobsh corroboration

# Page 44 Column 3
krob^v corroborative
korod corrode
korodb corrodible
korosh corrosion
korosv corrosive
korug corrugant
korugat corrugate
korugsh corrugation
korp corrupt
korp^b corruptibility
korpsh corruption
korptv corruptive
korsj corsage
kotesh cortege
kotex cortex
kosm^a cosmetic
kosmek cosmic
kosmp cosmopolitan
kos cost
? kosen costliness
kostm costume
kostmr costumer
kot cot
kotre coterie
koteln cotillion
kotj cottage
kotlen cottolene

# Page 45 Column 1
kotn cotton
kotnu_d cottonwood
kauch couch
kof cough
kd could
ksel council
kselmn councilman
kselr councilor
ksel counsel
kselr counselor
kselrsh counselorship
knt count
ktnans countenance
k^ counter
k^ak counteract
k^bal counterbalance
k^chj countercharge
k^fet counterfeit
k^fete~ counterfeiter
k^mn countermand
k^mnb countermandable
k^mach countermarch
k^pan counterpane
k^pt counterpart
k^oe counterpoint
k^sin countersign
kntes countess

# Page 45 Column 2
kntl countless
ktfid countrified
kt country
kt-mn countryman
kte county
ku coup
kupa coupe
kup couple
kuplr coupler
kuplet couplet
kulp' coupling
kpn coupon
krj courage
krjus courageous
kurer courier
krs course
krs^r courser
kot court
ke~tus courteous
ke~tse courtesy
kote~ courtier
koten courtliness
kote courtly
kot-marsh courtmartial
kotsh courtship
kusn cousin
kusne cousinly

# Page 45 Column 3
kuv cove
kuvn covenant
kuvne covenantee
kuvn^r covenanter
kuvntre coventry
kv cover
kvlet coverlet
kuve~t covert
kuve~t-n covertness
kuvt covet
kuvtus covetous
kau cow
kaud coward
kaudes cowardice
kauden cowardliness
kaur cower
koxkom coxcomb
koxsa_n coxswain
koe coy
ka&ete coyote
koze| cozily
? kozen coziness
koze cozy
krab crab
krak crack
krakt cracked
krakr cracker

# Page 46 Column 1
krakl crackle
kradl cradle
kraft craft
kraften craftiness
kram cram
kramp cramp
kranbre cranberry
kran crane
kranl cranial
kran^o( craniology
kranem cranium
krank crank
krane cranny
krap crape
krash crash
krat crate
krate~ crater
kravat cravat
krav crave
kravn craven
krol crawl
kra,n crayon
kraz, craze
? krazen craziness
kraze crazy
krek creak
krem cream

# Page 46 Column 2
kremre creamery
kremen creaminess
kres crease
kra&'tb creatable
kra&'t create
kra&'sh creation
kra&'tv creative
kra&'tr creator
kretr creature
kredns credence
krednsh credential
kred^b credibility
kredb credible
kre credit
kre^b creditable
kre^r creditor
kred^l credulity
kredu credulous
kred creed
krek creek
krep creep
krepr creeper
? krepen creepiness
kremat cremate
kremsh cremation
krematre crematory
kreol creole

# Page 46 Column 3
kresot creosote
krept crept
kreshndo crescendo
kresent crescent
kres cress
krest crest
krestfon crestfallen
kreton cretonne
kreves crevice
kru crew
kreb crib
krebj cribbage
kreket cricket
krir crier
krim crime
kremn criminal
kremnat criminate
kremp crimp
kremsn crimson
krenj cringe
krenkl crinkle
krepl cripple
krises crises
kriss crisis
kresp crisp
kreskrs crisscross
kriter criterion

# Page 47 Column 1
kr^a critic
kr^a| critical
kretss criticise
kretss criticism
krok croak
krosha crochet
krok crock
krokre crockery
krokdil crocodile
krokus crocus
kress Croesus
kron crone
krone crony
kruk crook
krp crop
kroka, croquet
kroket croquette
kros cross
kroch crotch
krochet crotchet
krauch crouch
kro crow
krau crowd
krn crown
krnd crowned
krnl crownless
krshl crucial

# Page 47 Column 2
krsb crucible
krsfex crucifix
krsf crucify
krud crude
krud-n crudeness
krudte crudity
krul cruel
kru^l cruelty
krus cruise
krusr cruiser
krm crumb
krmb crumble
krmp crumple
krnch crunch
krusad crusade
krsh crush
krust crust
kruste| crustily
krusten crustiness
kri cry
kreptek cryptic
krept^g cryptogram
krestl crystal
krestlezsh crystallization
krestliz crystallize
keuba Cuba
keubn Cuban

# Page 47 Column 3
keub cube
keubeb cubeb
keubk cubic
keub^k cubicle
keubes cubist
keubt cubit
kuku cuckoo
keukm cucumber
kujl cudgel
keu cue
kuf cuff
ke_sen cuisine
keulen culinary
kul cull
kulmn culminate
kulmnsh culmination
klp^b culpability
klpb culpable
klpret culprit
klt cult
klvat cultivate
klvash cultivation
klchul cultural
klchu culture
klve~t culvert
kmbrsm cumbersome
kmbrus cumbrous

# Page 48 Column 1
keum^u cumulate
keum^ush cumulation
keum^uv cumulative
kn' cunning
kn^e cunningly
kup cup
kube~d cupboard
kupf cupful
keupd cupid
keupdte cupidity
keupla cupola
keu^b curable
keurat curate
keu^v curative
keuratr curator
krb curb
ke~d curd
ke~dl curdle
keu cure
krfeu curfew
keureo curio
keu^s) curiosity
keu curious
krl curl

# Page 48 Column 2
krnse currency
ke~nt current
kurek curriculum
kured curried
kurer currier
kure curry
kurs curse
krsv cursive
krsore cursory
ke~t curt
ke~tal curtail
ke~tn curtain
ke~t-n curtness
krvtr curvature
krv curve
krvlena&'~ curvilinear
kush cushion
kusta~d custard
kustda&'n custodian
kustde custody
kus custom
kus^re customary
kus^r customer

# Page 48 Column 3
kus'us customhouse
kut cut
keutnus cutaneous
kuta_ cutaway
keut cute
keut^k cuticle
keutek cuticular
ktlas cutlass
ktlre cutlery
ktau cut-out
sikl cycle
sikl^k cyclical
siklon cyclone
siklop cyclopedia
selend cylinder
selend^k cylindrical
senek cynic
sen^k cynical
senssm cynicism
senoshu cynosure
sipres cypress
z,ar czar
z,arena Czarina
