# Page 61 Column 1
egr eager
egrn eagerness
egl eagle
er ear
e~drm eardrum
erl earl
erldm earldom
ere| early
e~mark earmark
e~n earn
e~ns earnest
e~nsn earnestness
erth earth
erth^ka_k earthquake
es ease
esel easel
esm easement
eser easier
esem easiness
est east
este~ easter
? estee| easterly
estn eastern
es^d eastward
ese easy
et eat

# Page 61 Column 2
etb eatable
evs eaves
evsdrpr eavesdropper
eb ebb
ebn ebon
ebne ebony
ebulesh ebullition
esn^k eccentric
esn^s) eccentricity
ekles^st ecclesiastic
ekles^stl ecclesiastical
eko echo
eklar eclair
ekla eclat
eklek eclectic
ekleps eclipse
ekleptek ecliptic
ekmek economic
ekm^k economical
ekmes economist
ekmiz economize
ekme economy
estase ecstasy
est^a ecstatic
? est^a|e ecstatically
esema eczema
ede eddy

# Page 61 Column 3
ej edge
edi_s edgewise
ed^b edibility
edb edible
edek edct
ed^f edification
edfes edifice
edfi edify
edt edit
edsh edition
edtr editor
edtrl editorial
edtrsh editorship
eduk^b educability
edu educate
edu education
edu^l educational
edu^v educative
edu^r educator
edus educe
efas effface
efasb effaceable
efasmn effacement
fk effect
fkv effective
fkvn effectiveness
fktl effectual
fkte| effectually

# Page 62 Column 1
efemnse effeminacy
efemnat effeminate
efemnat-n effeminateness
eferves effervesce
efervesns effervescence
efervesnt effervescent
efet effete
efkas efficacious
efkse efficacy
efeshse efficiency
efesht efficient
efeje effigy
efluns effluence
eflunt effluent
eft effort
efrntre effrontery
efulj effulgence
efulgnt effulgent
efeu effuse
efeush effusion
efeuv effusive
eg egg
egu ego
egust egoist
ego^stl egoistical
egtsm egotism
egots egotist

# Page 62 Column 2
eft^stl egotistical
egrejus egregious
egres efress
ejep Egypt
ejepsh Egyptian
ide~ eider
eth either
ejak^u ejaculate
ejak^ush ejaculation
ejak^ur ejaculator
ejk eject
ejksh ejection
ejkmn ejectment
ek eke
elab elaborate
elabsh elaboration
elab^v elaborative
elaps elapse
ep^st elastic
elas^s) elasticity
elat elate
ela^te| elatedly
elash elation
elbo elbow
eldr elder
eldes eldest
elek elect

# Page 62 Column 3
elsh election
elshe~ electioneer
elekv elective
elektr elector
elektrl electoral
elektra electorate
el^k electric
el^kl electrical
el^sh electrician
el^s) electricity
el^fkash electrification
el^f electrify
el^d electrode
el^ler electrolier
el^lss electrolysis
el^liz electrolyze
elm^t electromagnet
el^nete~ electrometer
el^ptne electropathy
el^p electroplate
el^t electrotype
el^m electrum
elemus eleemosymary
elegns elegance
eleg elegant
eleje elegy
elem element

# Page 63 Column 1
el^m elemental
elemre elementary
elfnt elephant
elvat elevate
elva^t elevated
elvash elevation
elvatr elevator
elf elf
elest elicit
elid elide
elij^b eligibility
elijb eligible
elimn eliminate
elimnsh elimination
elish elision
alet elite
elexer elixir
elk elk
eleps ellipse
ekepss ellipsis
eleptek elliptic
elip^k elliptical
elm elm
eloksh elocution
elokshre elocutionary
elokshst elocutionist
elongat elongate

# Page 63 Column 2
elongsh elongation
elop elope
elopmn elopement
elok eloquence
elok eloquent
ls else
lsar elsewhere
elusedt elucidate
elusedsh elucidation
elud elude
elusv dlusive
emasha&'t emaciate
emasha&'^t emaciated
emasha&'sh emaciation
emnat emanate
emnsh emanation
emnsep emancipate
emnsepsh emancipation
emask^u emasculate
mbam embalm
mbank embank
mbankmn embankment
mbarg embargo
mbark embark
mbaras embarrass
mbarsmn embarrassment
mbase embassy
mbtl embattle

# Page 63 Column 3
mblsh embellish
mblshmn embellishment
mbr ember
mbezl embezzle
mbezlmn embezzlement
mbezlr embezzler
mbte~ embitter
mblazn emblazon
mblem emblem
mblem^a emblematic
mbomn embodiment
mbo embody
mboldn embolden
mbos emboss
mbras embrace
mbroe embroider
mbroil embroil
mbreo embryo
emrld emerald
emej emerge
emejses emergencise
emejse emergency
emeretus emeritus
emersh emersion
emere emery
emeg emigrate
emegsh emigration

# Page 64 Column 1
emns eminence
emn eminent
emesre emissary
emet emit
emolmn emolument
emush emotion
mprr emperor
mfass emphasis
mf^a emphatic
mpi empire
mpl employ
mploe employee
mplr employer
mplmn employment
mporem emporium
mpau empower
mpres empress
mten emptiness
mte empty
em^u emulate
em^ush emulation
emulus emulous
emulsh emulsion
enb enable
enak enact

# Page 64 Column 2
enaml enamel
enamr^t enamored
ncamp encamp
ncampmn encampment
nchant enchant
nchantr enchanter
nchantmn enchantment
nsekl encircle
nkomm encomium
nkpas encompass
ankor encore
nkte~ encounter
nkrj encourage
nkrjmn encouragement
nkroch encroach
nkmb encumber
nkmbrans encumbrance
nsiklo encyclopedia
nd end
n-dnje~ endanger
n-de~ endear
n-dvr endeavor
ndl endless
ndau endow
ndaumn endowment
ndrns endurance
ndr endure

# Page 64 Column 3
eneme enemy
nrj^a energetic
nkrj energy
enervat enervate
nfeb enfeeble
nfs enforce
nfranch enfranchise
nga engage
ngamn engagement
ngndr engender
njn engine
njne~ engineer
engsh english
ngrav engrave
ngros engross
en'ans enhance
enegma enigma
enegm^a enigmatic
? enegm^ae enigmatically
njoen enjoin
njoe enjoy
njeob enjoyable
njoemn enjoyment
nlag enlarge
nlajmn enlargemnet
nlin enlighten
nlimn enlightenment

# Page 65 Column 1
nls enlist
nlsmn enlistment
nlivn enliven
n^mt enmity
enob ennoble
ange_ ennui
en^mt enormity
enom enormous
nuf enough
nraj enrage
nraptr enrapture
nrech enrich
nrol enroll
nrolmn enrollment
nskns ensconce
nshrin enshrine
nsin ensign
nslav enlave
nsu ensue
ntal entail
ntang entangle
? n^ enter
n^pris enterprise
n^tn entertain
n^tnr entertainer
n^tn-m entertainment
nthrol enthrall

# Page 65 Column 2
nthron enthrone
nthus enthusiasm
nthus-st enthusiast
nthus^st enthusiastic
nthus^sta| enthusiastically
ntis entice
nti entire
? ntie entirely
ntin entireness
ntite entirety
ntit entitle
ntete entity
ntm^o entomology
n^ns entrance
n^nt entrant
n^t entreat
n^te entreaty
antra, entree
ntre entry
nti_n entwine
eneum enumerate
eneumsh enumeration
enunsa&' enunciate
enunsa&'sh enunciation
nvl envelope
nvenom envenom
nveb enviable

# Page 65 Column 3
nvus envious
nvimn environment
nvoe envoy
nve envy
e-on eon
epalet epaulet
efemerl ephemeral
epk epic
epkeu epicure
epkeun epicurean
epdm epidemic
epdemes epidermis
ep^g epigram
ep^g^a epigramatic
? ep^e epigraph
epelepse epilepsy
epelept epileptic
epekog epilogue
epeskEpiscopal
epesod episode
epesl epistle
epestlre epistolary
eptaf epitaph
epthet epithet
eptme epitome
epk epch
ek^b equalbility

# Page 66 Column 1
ekb equable
ekl equal
? ek equality
eklezsh equalization
ekliz dqualize
eka| equally
elan^mt equanimity
eka_sh equation
eka_tr equator
eke_re equerry
eke_stra&'n equestrian
eki_leb equilibrium
eki_n equine
eke_nux equinox
eke_p equip
eke_pj equipage
eke_pmn equipment
ekpoes equipoise
eke_tb equitable
eke_et equity
eke_v equivalent
ekev^k equivocal
era era
eradek eradicate
eras erase
eraser eraser

# Page 66 Column 2
erashu erasure
ar ere
erek erect
ereksh erection
e~mn ermine
erosh erosion
er^a erotic
er err
erand errand
er^a erratic
eratm erratum
e~d erred
eronus erroneous
err error
erudi erudite
erudsh drudition
erp erupt
erpsh eruption
eresep erysipelas
eskalatr escalator
eskpb escapable
escpd escapade
escp escape
esckmn escapement
eschu eschew
eskot escort
eskro escrow

# Page 66 Column 3 
eskuchn escutcheon
eskmo eskimo
esoterk esoteric
espesh especial
espnj espionage
espaus espouse
espi espy
eski esquire
esa essay
esns essence
esnsh enssential
estb establish
estbmn establishment
est estate
estm esteem
stemb estimable
estmbe estimably
estmat estimate
estmsh estimation
estj estrange
estjmn estrangement
ets et cetera
ech etch
etnl eternal
ete~^nt eternity
? e,th ether
? e,thl ethereal

# Page 67 Column 1
? e,th^l ethereality
eth^k ethical
etheks ethics
ethn^oe ethnography
? ethn^o enthnology
? eth^o enthology
eteket etiquiette
atud etude
? etm^o etymology
eukloptus eucalyptus
eukres eucharist
eukr euchre
eujneks eugenics
euljes eulogist
euljm eulogium
euljiz eulogize
eulje eulogy
eufmsm euphemism
eufne euphony
eu Europe
eu^n European
evakeu evacuate
evad evade
evanes evanescent
evanj evangelical
evanjes evangelist
evanjiz evangelize

# Page 67 Column 2
evap evaporate
evapsh evaporation
evash evasion
evasv devasive
ev eve
evn even
evn' evening
evnn evenness
evnt envent
evntf eventful
evntl eventual
ev ever
ev every
evlas' everlasting
evm evermore
evbo everybody
evun everyone
ev' everything
evar everywhere
evek evict
eveksh eviction
evdns evidence
evdn evident
evl evil
evens evince
evk evoke
evoksh evolution
evol evolve

# Page 67 Column 3
eu ewe
esak exact
esaksh exaction
esaktet exactitude
esakn exactness
esaj exaggerate
esolt exalt
esam examination
esamn examine
esamne examinee
esamne~ examiner
esamp example
esesp exasperate
eskavat excavate
eskavash excavation
esed exceed
esed^e exceedingly
? esl excel
? esl excellence
? eslsur excelsior
sep except
sepsh exception
eserp excerpt
eses excess
esesv excessive
esch exchange
esch^b exchangeability
eschb exchangeable

# Page 68 Column 1
eschkr exchequer
esis excise
esit^b excitability
esitB excitable
esit excite
esitmn excitement
es^m exclaim
es^msh exclamation
s^mre exclamatory
es^d exclude
es^sh exclusion
es^sv exclusive
eskmu excommunciate
esklpa exculpate
eskrsh escursion
eskeu^b escusable
eskeu excuse
eskrb execrable
eslra execrate
esk excute
escsh execution
eskv executive
esemplre exemplary
esemplef exemplify
esemt exempt
esemsh exemption

# Page 68 Column 2
? esr exercise
ese~t exert
esesh exertion
es'al exhale
esos exhaust
esus-sh exhaustion
esosv exhaustive
esostl exhaustless
esebt exhibit
esebsh exhibition
esebtr exhibitor
eselra exhilarate
eselrash exhilaration
esot exhort
esotsh exhortion
es'eum exhume
esegnt exigent
esil exile
ess exist
ess existence
eset exit
esdus exodus
esosheo ex officio
esonra exonerate
esorb exorable
esobtn exorbitant
? esr exorcise
esodem exordium

# Page 68 Column 3
esoterk exoteric
es^a exotic
espand expand
esans expanse
espans^b expansibility
espansv expansible
espansh expansion
espansv expansive
espasha&'t expatiate
esptra&'t expatriate
esptra&'sh expatriation
esp expect
esp^ns expectance
esp^nt expectant
espsh expectation
espktra expectorate
espdns expedience
espdn-t expedient
espdi expedite
espdsh expedition
espl expel
espnd expend
espndet expenditure
espns expense
espnsv expensive
spe experience
esprmn experiment

# Page 69 Column 1
espr^m experimental
espe~t expert
espe~tn expertness
espa&'t expiate
espa&'sh expiation
esprash expiration
espi expire
espl explain
esplsh explanation
espl^ry explanatory
espletv expletive
esplek explicable
esplest explicit
esplest-n explicitness
esplod explode
esploe exploit
espoetsh exploitation
esplorash exploration
esplr explore
esplosh explosion
esplosv explosive
espot exponent
espor export
exporsh exportation
espo expose
esposh exposition
espos^u expostulate

# Page 69 Column 2
espos^ush expostulation
esposhu exposure
espn expound
espr express
esprj expressage
espresh expression
esprv expressive
esplsh expulsion
esprgat expurgate
eskest exquisite
estant extant
estmp extemporaneous
estmpre extemporary
estmp extempore
estn extend
estnsh extension
estnsv extensive
estn extent
estneut extenuate
estneush extenuation
es^or exterior
es^mat exterminate
es^msh extermination
es^nl external
estenk extinct
estng extinguish
esting^b extinguishable

# Page 69 Column 3
es^pat extirpate
estol extol
estot extort
estorsh extortion
? es^ extra
es^k extract
es^ksh extraction
es^di extradite
es^dsh extradition
es^nus extraneous
es^odn ordinary
es^v extravagant
es^v extravagance
es^m extreme
es^mes extremist
es^mt extremity
es^kat extricate
es^kash extrication
es^nsk extrinsic
eseub exuberance
eseub exuberant
eseud exude
esut exult
esutnt exultant
esutsh exultation
a eye
ilet eyelet
isi eyesight