# Page 111 Column 1
m^admes macadamization
m^admez macadamize
makrone macaroni
makrun macaroon
masera macerate
makenat machinate
amkensh machination
mashn machine
mashnre machinery
mashnes machinist
makrl mackerel
m^ntosh machintosh
makrn macron
madm madam
madn madden
mad made
madna madonna
mag magazine
magnta magenta
majk magic
maj^k magical
majesh magician
majestrl magisterial
majestra magistrate
m^n^nt magnanimity
m^n magnanimous

# Page 111 Column 2
m^at magnate
m^sha^' magnesia
m^t magnet
m^tek magnetic
m^tsm magnetism
m^sisb magnetizable
m^fib magnifiable
m^fkash magnification
m^f magnificence
m^f magnificent
m^fir magnifier
m^fi magnify
m^lok magniloquence
m^lok magniloquent
m^tu magnitude
m^la^' magnolia
mogne mahongany
mad maid
madn maiden
ma~ mail
ma~^b mailable
mam maim
mand maimed
man main
manland mainland
mntn maintain
mntmb maintainable

# Page 111 Column 3
mntnans maintenance
maj^st majestic
maj^sta| majestically
majeste majesty
majr major
maj^r majority
mak make
makr maker
malade malady
malara^' malaria
maledsh malediction
malfaksh malefaction
malfak malefactor
malevns malevolence
malev malevolent
malfesns malfeasance
malfmsh malformation
males malice
malesh malicious
malin malign
malegse malignancy
mal^b malleability
malb malleable
mala^'sh malleation
malet mallet
molt malt

# Page 112 Column 1
mmoth mammoth
mn man
mn^k manacle
mnj manage
mnj^b manageability
mnjb manageable
mnjm management
mnje~ manager
mnje~l managerial
mnje~^sh managership
mn-dren mandarin
mn-dt mandate
mn-dtre mandatory
mn-dolen mandolin
mnuv maneuver
mang mangle
mn^d manhood
mn^a&' mania
mna&'k maniac
mnekeu manicure
mnfes manifest
mnfes-sh manifestation
mnfesto manifesto
mnfol manifold
mnken manikin
mnip^u manipulate
mnip^ush manipulation

# Page 112 Column 2
mnip^uv manipulative
mnip^ur manipulator
mnki mankind
mnla manlike
mnen manliness
mne~ manner
mnersm mannerism
mneren mannerliness
? mnee mannerly
mnesh mannish
mnr manor
mnsa~d mansard
mns manse
mnsh mansion
mn-tl mantle
mnul manual
mnf^re manufactory
mnf manufacture
mnf^r manufacturer
mnskr manuscript
mne many
map map
mapl maple
ma~ mar
marod maraud
marode~ marauder
marb marble

# Page 112 Column 3
mach march
mache~ marcher
majn margin
majnl marginal
maren marine
marene~ mariner
maretl marital
maretm maritime
mark mark
markt marked
mr market
mr^b marketable
ma~mla marmalade
ma~mot marmot
marun maroon
marke_s marquis
marj marriage
maro marrow
mare marry
marsh marsh
marshl marshal
marshen marshiness
ma~t mart
martn marten
marshl martial
ma~tnet martinet

# Page 113 Column 1
ma~trdm martyrdom
marv marvel
marv marvelous
maskt mascot
maskeu masculine
maskeu&nt masculinity
mash mash
mask mask
maskt masked
masn mason
masnek masonic
masnre masonry
maskrad masquerade
maskrade~ masquerader
mas mass
masash massage
masv massive
masvn massiveness
mast mast
mas master
mastf masterful
mastl masterless
mastlen masterliness
? mastee masterly
mastpes masterpiece
mastre mastery
mastk masticate

# Page 113 Column 2
masteksh mastication
mastf mastiff
mastodn mastodon
mastoe mastoid
mat mat
matdr matador
mach match
machb matchable
machl matchless
ma^l material
ma^lsm materialism
ma^les materialist
ma^liz materialize
ma^le materially
ma^nl maternal
math^a| mathematical
mathematsh mathematician
math^as mathematics
ma^si matricide
ma^k matriculate
ma^k^ush matriculation
ma^mn matrimonial
ma^mne matrimony
ma^n matron
mat matter
matuk mattock

# Page 113 Column 3
ma^s mattress
matr mature
mat^r maturity
mol maul
mosolem mausoleum
mov mauve
maxm maxim
maxmiz maximize
maxmn maximum
ma may
mamas mayonnaise
mar mayor
marl mayoral
mar^l mayorlty
medo meadow
megr meager
mel meal
melen mealiness
men mean
? ma&'dr meander
men'l meaningless
menm meanness
mntm meantime
mni~ meanwhile
mesls measles
meshub measurable
meshubn measureableness

# Page 114 Column 1
meshr measure
meshul measureless
meshum measurement
met meat
mekan mechanic
mekan^k mechanical
mekansh mechanician
mekansm kechanism
mekanes machanist
medl medal
medaln medallion
medlr meddler
medlsm meddlesome
meda^'t mediate
meda&'sh mediation
meda&'tr mediator
med^k medical
medek medicate
medeksh medication
medes medicinal
medsn medicine
medev medieval
medokr mediocre
medok^r mediocrity
medtat meditate
medtsh meditation
medtatv meditative

# Page 114 Column 2
medm medium
medle medley
mek meek
mekn meekness
met meet 
megafn megaphone
melank melancholic
melan melancholy
mala melee
melra meliorate
melrash melioration
melratr meliorator
melo mellow
melon mellowness
meloe mellowy
melodn melondeon
melodus melodious
melodram melodrama
melode melody
meln melon
melt melt
mmb member
mmbsh membership
mmbran membrane
mmbraus membranous
memn-to memento
mmo_r memoir 

# Page 114 Column 3
mmo_res memoirist
mmor^b memorability
mmorb memorable
mmorbn memorableness
mma memoranda
mmo memorandum
mmorl memorial
mmoriz memorize
mmore memory
mn menace
mnajre menagerie
mn-d mend
mn-db mendable
mn-dash mendacious
mn-deknsy mendicancy
mndek mendicant
mna&'l menial
mnenj^ts meningitis
mnshu^b mensurability
mnshub mensurable
mnshubn mensurableness
mnshush mensuration
mn-tl mental
mn-t^l mentality
mn-ta| mentally
mnthol menthol

# Page 115 Column 1
mnsh mention
mnshb mentionable
mn-tr mentor
mn-trl mentorial
merkt mercantile
mersnre mercenary
merseriz mercerize
mechdizb merchandisable
mechdis merchandise
mecht merchant
? mersef merciful
mersel merciless
merkeu mercurial
merkeuf mercurify
merkeu mercury
merse mercy
me~ mere
? mee merely
merj merge
merje~ merger
me~da&'n meridian
mereno merino
me~t merit
me~t^t merited
me~tros meritorious
me~mad mermaid
me~m merriment

# Page 115 Column 2
meren merrienss
mere merry
mesh mesh
mesmrk mesmeric
mesmrsm mesmerism
mesmriz mesmerize
mesmriser mesmerizer
mesj message
mesje~ messenger
mss messrs.
metl metal
metlk metallic
metlezsh metallization
metliz metallize
metlje metallurgy
metmorf metamorphose
metfr metaphor
metfr^k metaphorical
metfes^k metaphysical
metfes metaphysics
metor meteor
metork meteoric
metor^k meteorical
metori meteorite
? metor^o meteorology
? me meter
me^j meterage

# Page 115 Column 3
methd method
methd^k methodical
methdes Methodist
me^k metric
me^kl metrical
me^sh metrician
? me^o metrology
me^pol metropole
me^p metropolis
me^ptn metropolitan
metl mettle
metlsm mettlesome
mexn Mexican
ma^esma miasma
mikrob microbe
mikro microscope
mikro^k microscopic
medl middle
mej midge
mejet midget
medland midland
med-ni midnight
meds midst
medsme~ midsummer
meda_ midway
men mien
mat might

# Page 116 Column 1
mata| mightily
maten mightiness
migra migrate
migrash migration
mig^re migratory
mild mild
mildn mildness
mi~ mile
mi~^j mileage
meletnse militancy
meletn militant
melet military
meleta militate
melesh militia
melk milk
mil mill
? milena&'~m millenarian
melnre millenary
melenl millennial
melemen milennium
melr miller
melne~ milliner
? melnee millinery
meln million
melna~ millionaire
melston millstone
mne^o mimeograph

# Page 116 Column 2
mmek mimic
mmekre mimicry
mns mince
min mind
minf mindful
mine~ miner
mnerl mineral
mnerlezsh mineralization
mnerliz mineralize
? mner^o mineralogy
meng mingle
mna&'tr miniature
mnemezsh minimization
mnemiz minimize
mnemm minimum
? mneon minion
mneste~ minister
mnesterl ministerial
mnestre ministry
menk mink
mno minnow
minr minor
mn^r minority
mstrel minstrel
mn-t mint
mn-tj mintage
mnund minuend

# Page 116 Column 3
mnuet minuet
minus minus
mnet minute
mnute| minutely
mnusa&' minutia
mer^k miracle
lerak miraculous
merash mirage
merr mirror
merth mirth
merthf mirthful
merthl mirthless
msanthrp misanthrope
msanthrpe misanthropy
msaprensh misaprehension
msaprpra^'t misappropriate
msb'av misbehave
mselan miscellaneous
mselane miscellany
msch mischief
mschus mischievous
msksep misconception
mskdu misconduct
msks^ksh misconstruction
? msns misconstrue
msknt miscount
mskra^'nt miscreant

# Page 117 Column 1
msdm misdemeanor
miser miser
mserb miserable
msere misery
msfet misfit
msf misfortune
msge' misgiving
msgi misguide
ms'ap mishap
msnfm misinform
msn^p misinterpret
msnome~ misnomer
msprent misprint
mspresh misprision
msko_t misquote
msrp misrepresent
msel missile
mesh mission
meshre missionary
mesv missive
mest mist
mstb mistakable
mst mistake
mst-n mistaken
mr Mr.
mrs Mrs.
mstres mistress

# Page 117 Column 2
mstrs mistrust
mste misty
ms^stn misunderstand
smeu misuse
mit mite
metegnt mitigant
metegsh mitigation
metn mitten
mex mix
mextr mixture
nemneks mnimonics
mon moan
mot moat
mob mob
mobl mobile
mo^b mobility
moblezsh mobilization
mobliz mobilize
moksen moccasin
mok mock
mokre mockery
mod mode
modl model
mod moderate
modsh moderation

# Page 117 Column 3
modn modern
modnn modernness
modes modest
modekm modicum
modf^b modifiable
mod^f modification
modtf^r modifier
modf modify
mod^u modulate
mod^ush modulation
mo'ar mohair
moete moiety
moest moist
moesn moisten
moestr moisture
molass molasses
mold mold
molekeu molecule
moles molest
moles-sh moestation
molef^b mollifiable
mol^f mollification
molef mollify
mom moment
momre| momentarily
momre momentary

# Page 118 Column 1
momus momentous
momtm momentum
mnark monarch
? mnarlmonarchal
mnarke monarchy
mnastre monastery
mn^stl monastical
mun Monday
mnetre monetary
mnetiz monetize
mne money
mnel moneyless
mnetr monitor
mnetrl monitorial
mnetrsh monitorship
mnk monk
mnke monkey
mn^k monocle
mnog monogamy
mno^g monogram
mn^o monograph
mnleth monolith
mnlog monologue
mnoples monopolist
mnopliz monopolize
mnope monopoly
mnoton monotone

# Page 118 Column 2
mnotnus monotonous
mnotne monotony
mnste~ monster
mnst^s) monstrosity
mnstrus monstrous
mnth month
mnum monument
mnu^m monumental
mud mood
muden moodiness
mun moon
munli moonlight
mur moor
mus moose
mut moot
mop mop
morl moral
mores moralist
mor^l morality
morlizsh moralization
morliz moralize
mobd morbid
m more
? m^o moreover
mrg morgue
mn' morning
morok moracco

# Page 118 Column 3
moros morose
morosn moroseness
mofen morphine
mosel morsel
mortl mortal
mor^l mortality
motliz mortalize
mota~ mortar
mor mortgage
more mortgagee
morr mortgagor
mot^f mortification
motf mortify
motre mortuary
mosak mosaic
mosk mosque
mosketo mosquito
mos moss
moth moth
muth mother
muthlo mother-in-law
muthl motherless
muthen motherliness
mosh motion
moshl motionless
motv motive

# Page 119 Column 1
motle motley
motr motor
motres motorist
motl mottle
moto motto
m-nd mound
mn-tn mountain
mn-tnr mountaineer
mn-tnus mountainous
mn-t^t mounted
mon mourn
monf mournful
maus mouse
mauth mouth
mauthpes mouthpiece
mu^b movable
mu move
mum movement
mo mow
mon mown
mch much
muslj mucilage
muk muck
mukus mucus
mud mud
muden muddiness
mudl muddle

# Page 119 Column 2
muf muff
mufen muffin
mufl muffle
mug mug
mulato mulatto
mul mule
mu^far multifarious
mu^f^mt multiformity
mu^graf multigraph
mu^pl multiple
mu^plex multiplex
mu^plek multiplicand
mu^p^r multiplier
mu^p multiply
mu^tu multitude
mu^tudnus multitudinous
mumb mumble
mumre mummery
mume mummy
munch munch
mn-dan mundane
mnesp municipal
mnesp^l municipality
munefs munificence
munif munificent
munsh munition
murl mural

# Page 119 Column 3
me~de~ murder
me~de~^r murderur
me~drus murderous
merke murky
me~me~ murmur
me~mrus murmurous
musl muscle
muskeu muscular
muskeu^r muscularity
meus muse
musem museum
mshrm mushroom
musec music
mus^k musical
musesh musician
muskete~ musketeer
muslen musline
ms must
mustash mustache
mustang mustang
musta~d mustard
muste~ muster
musten mustiness
muste musty
mut^b mutability
mutb mutable
mutbn mutableness

# Page 120 Column 1
mutsh mutation
meut mute
mutla mutilate
mutlash mutilation
mutlatr mutilator
mutnr mutineer
mutnus mutinous
meutne muntiny
mutn mutton
mutl mutual

# Page 120 Column 2
mut^l mutuality
muzl muzzle
ma&epa&' myopia
mera^'d myriad
me~tl myrtle
mis myself
mestrus mysterious
mmestrusn mysteriousness
mestre mystery

# Page 120 Column 3
m^st mystic
m^stl mystical
mestss mysticism
mest^f mystification
mestf mystify
meth myth
meth^k mythical
? meth^o mythological
? meth^o mythology