# Page 121 Column 1
nag nag
nal nail
nansuk nainsook
na&e,v naive
na&e,vte naivete
na name
? nal nameless
? nae namely
nap nap
napre napery
naftha naphtha
nafthol naphthol
napken napkin
napl napless
narssus narcissus
nark^a narcotic
nara narrate
narash narration
naratv narrative
narartr narrator
naro narrow
naror narrower
naro,e narrowly
naron narrowness
nasal nasal

# Page 121 Column 2
nas^l nasality
natl natal
natatorem natatorium
nash nation
nash^l national
nashlsm nationalism
nashles nationalist
nash^l nationality
nashlezsh nationalization
nashliz nationalize
nasha| nationally
natv native
nat^v nativity
natl natural
natles naturalist
natl^st naturalistic
natliz naturalize
natle| naturally
natln naturalness
nat nature
not naught
noten naughtiness
? nosha&' nausea
nosha&'t nauseate
not^k nautical
notlus nautilus
nav naval

# Page 121 Column 3
nav^b navigability
navgb navigable
navg navigate
navgsh navigation
navgatr navigator
nave navy
na nay
ne~ near
? nee nearly
ne~^n nearness
net neat
net-n neatness
nebul^s) nebulosity
nebulus nebulous
nesse| necessarily
ness necessary
nessta necessitate
nesst necessity
nek neck
neklas necklace
nekti necktie
? nekr^o necrology
nelrmnse necromancy
nekta~ nectar
ned need
ne^t needed
nedf needful

# Page 122 Column 1
neden neediness
nedl needle
nedlrk needlework
nefar nefarious
negsh negation
negtv negative
neg neglect
neg^f neglectful
negj negligence
negjnt negligent
negjb negligible
negosh^b negotiability
negoshb negotiable
negosh negotiate
negoshr negotiator
negro negro
nabr neighbor
nabr^d neighborhood
nabren neighborliness
neth neither
nemss Nemesis
ne^osm nelolgism
? ne^os neologist
? ne^oz neologize
? ne^o neology
nefit neophyte
nefeu nephew

# Page 122 Column 2
nev nerve
nevl nerveless
nevln nervelessness
nevus nervous
nevusn nervousness
nest nest
nesl nestle
net net
netl nettle
netrk network
nuralja neuralgia
nur^a neurotic
nute~ neuter
nu^l neutral
nu^l neutrality
nu^lezsh neutralization
nu^liz neutralize
nv never
nvm nevermore
nvl nevertheless
nu new
nur newer
nue newly
nu^n newness
nsp newspaper
nuse newsy
nex next

# Page 122 Column 3
nis nice
niste nicety
nech niche
nek nick
nekl nickel
nekna nickname
nekotn nicotine
nes niece
nega~d niggard
nega~den niggardliness
ni nigh
ni night
natngl nightingale
nima~ nightmare
nitm nighttime
n'il nihil
n'ilsm nihilism
niles nihilist
nemb nimble
nembn nimbleness
nembus nimbus
nin nine
nep nip
neprs nippers
ni^k nitric
ni^f nitrification
ni^j nitrogen

# Page 123 Column 1
ni^s) nitrous
no^b nobility
nob noble
nobmn nobleman
nobm nobleness
nobo nobody
noktnl nocturnal
nomten nocturne
nod nod
noes noise
noesl noiseless
noese noisy
nomad nomad
nomnk nomenclature
nomnl nominal
nomnat nominate
nomnsh nomination
nomnatv nominative
nomnatr nominator
nomne nominee
nona^b nonability
nonaks nonacceptance
nonjenarn nonagenarian
nonaprns nonappearance
nonari nonarrival
nonshalant nonchalant

# Page 123 Column 2
nonkmsht noncommissioned
nonkmet noncommital
nonkpli noncompliance
nonkdtr nonconductor
nonkfm' nonconforming
nonkfmes noncomformist
nonkf^mt nonconformity
nonktaj noncontagious
nonktn noncontent
nondskr nondescript
nun none
nonent nonentity
nonessnsh nonessential
non^vnsh nonintervention
nonprel nonpareil
nonresdn nonresident
nons nonsense
nons^k nonsensical
nuk nook
nun noon
nun-da noonday
nus noose
nor nor
noml normal
noth north
nothen northern
nothene~ northerner

# Page 123 Column 3
noth^d northward
nos nose
nosga nosegay
nostrel nostril
nostrm nostrum
n not
not^b notability
notb notable
noarl notarial
notre notary
notsh notation
noch notch
not note
notbk notebook
notd noted
notthe noteworthy
n' nothing
n'n nothingness
notes notice
notesb noticeable
not^f notification
notf notify
nosh notion
notri notoriety
notrus notorious
neths notwithstanding
nn noun

# Page 124 Column 1
nersh nourish
nershb nourishable
nershm nourishment
nov novel
novst novelist
novte novelty
nv November
noves novice
noveshat novitiate
nau now
naudas nowadays
noar nowhere
noxshus noxious
nozl nozzle
nuklus nucleus

# Page 124 Column 2
nuj nudge
nugtre nugatory
nusns nuisance
nul null
nul^f nullification
nulef nullify
n^l nullity
num numb
num number
numl numberless
neumrl numeral
neumra numerate
neumrash numeration

# Page 124 Column 3
neumratr numerator
neum^k numerical
neum numerous
nun nun
nupsh nuptial
ners nurse
ne~tr nurture
nut nut
nu^m nutriment
nu^sh nutrition
nu^shus nutritious
nu^tv nutritive
nutshel nutshell
nemf nymph