
# Page 130 Column 1
pablm pabulum
pas pace
pasf^b pacifiable
pask pacific
pas^f pacification
fasf^r pacifier
pasf pacify
pak pack
pakj package
pakr packer
paket packet
pakt pact
pad pad
padl paddle
paduk paddock
padlok padlock
pagn pagan
pagnsm paganism
paj page
pajnt pageant
pajntre pageantry
pgoda pagoda
pd paid
pal pail
palf pailful
pan pain

# Page 130 Column 2
panf painful
panl painless
panstak' painstaking
pant paint
pantr painter
par pair
pajmas pajamas
palas palace
palat^b palatability
palatb palatable
palatbn palatableness
palat palate
palash palatial
palavr palaver
pal pale
paln paleness
pal^o paleograph
palet palette
palsad palisade
pol pall
palet pallet
pala&'t palliate
pala&'sh palliation
paled pallid
paled-n pallidness
palr pallor
pam palm

# Page 130 Column 3
palp^b palpability
palp palpable
palpash palpation
palpta palpitate
palptsh palpitation
polse palsy
poltren paltriness
poltre paltry
pampr pamper
pamf pamphlet
pansa&' panacea
pankres pancreas
pankr^a pancreatic
pandemn pandemonium
panl panel
pang pang
panek panic
pane~ pannier
panople panoply
panrama panorama
panramek panoramic
panse pansy
pant pant
panthesm pantheism
panthr panther
pantomm pantomime
pantommek pantomimic

# Page 131 Column 1
pantommes pantomimist
pantre pantry
papse papacy
papl papal
papliz papalize
papr paper
papes papist
papirus papyrus
par par
p^b parable
p^bol parabolical
p^shut parachute
parad parade
p^dm paradigm
p^dis paradise
p^d paradox
p^d^k paradoxical
p^fen paraffin
p^gn paragon
p^g paragraph
p^l parallel
p^lsm parallelism
p^l^g parallelogram
p^lss paralysis
p^l^a paralytic
p^liz paralyze
? p^mn paramount
p^pt parapet
p^fer paraphernalia
p^fras paraphrase
p^sit parasite
p^s)^a| parasitical
p^sol parasol
prboel parboil
prsel parcel
parch parch
pachm parchment
pa~dn pardon
pa~dnb pardonable
parent parent
parentj parentage
prenthess parenthesis
prenth^a| parenthetical
parent^d parenthood
parentl parentless
paresh parish
pareshe~ parishioner
park park
prlans parlance
prle parley
prl parliament
prl^re parliamentary
prlr parlor
parok parochial

# Page 131 Column 3
paroksm parochialism
parode parody
parol parole
? paroxs paroxysm
para parquet
parsi parricide
parut parrot
pare parry
pars parse
prsemnus parsimonious
prsemne parsimony
prsle parsley
prsn parson
prsnj parsonage
pt part
ptak partake
ptakr partaker
parsh partial
parsh^l partiality
ptespnt participant
ptesp participate
ptespsh participation
ptesp^r participator
ptsep participle
pt^k particle
pat particular
patiz particularize

# Page 132 Column 1
ptes partisan
ptessh partisanship
pa~tsh partition
pt-ne~ partner
ptne~^sh partnership
ptrej partridge
pte party
pas pass
pasb passable
pasj passage
pasje~ passenger
pash passion
pashat passionate
pasv passive
pas^v passivity
paspor passport
pasud password
past paste
pasbor pasteboard
pastm pastime
pastor pastor
pastrl pastoral
pastra pastorate
pastre pastry
pastrj pasturage
pastr pasture

# Page 132 Column 2
paste pasty
pach patch
patn-t patent
patn-tb patentable
patn-te patentee
pa^nl paternal
path path
pth^a pathetic
pth^a| pathetical
pth^o( pathology
pthos pathos
ptha_ pathway
pashns patience
pasht patient
pata_ patois
pa^rk patriarch
pa^sh patrician
pa^si patricide
pa^mne patrimony
pa^ot patriot
pa^otsm patriotism
pa^l patrol
pa^lmn patrolman
pa^on patron
pa^nj patronage
pa^niz patronize

# Page 132 Column 3
pa^niz^e patronizingly
pte~ patter
pa^n pattern
p^s) paucity
popr pauper
poprsm pauperism
popriz pauperize
pos pause
pav pave
pavm pavement
paveln pavilion
pon pawn
ponb pawnable
ponbrokr pawnbroker
pa pay
pab payable
pae payee
par payer
pamas paymaster
pam payment
pes peace
pesb peaceable
pesf peaceful
pech peach
pkk peacock
pek peak
pel peal

# Page 133 Column 1
par pear
prl pearl
pesant peasant
pesantre peasantry
pet peat
peb pebble
pekn pecan
pk^u peculate
pk^ush peculation
pk^ur peculator
pkeu peculiar
pkeu peculiarly
pkeu^r peculiarity
pkeun pecuniary
pdag pedagog
pdagoj^k pedagogical
pdagoje pedagogy
pdl pedal
pdn-t pedant
pd^n pedantic
pdn-tre pedantry
pdlr peddler
pdestl pedestal
pdestra&'n pedestrian
pdeg pedigree
pep peep
per peer
perj peerage

# Page 133 Column 2
perl peerless
pevesh peevish
peveshn peevishness
peg peg
pelekn pelican
pelmel pell-mell
pelt pelt
plves pelvis
pen pen
penl penal
penliz penalize
pn^l penalty
pnans penance
pnchant penchant
pnsel pencil
pnd-nt pendant
pndlm pendulum
pntr^b penetrability
pntrb penetrable
pntrbn penetrableness
pntra penetrate
pntra^e penetratingly
pntrash penetration
pntratv penetrative
pnensulr peninsular
pnetns penitence
pnetn-t penitent

# Page 133 Column 3
pnetnshl penitential
pnetnsh penitentiary
pn-mn penman
pn-mnsh penmanship
pnatn pennant
pnel penniless
pne penny
pn^o( penology
pnsh pension
pnshe~ pensioner
pnsv pensive
pnsvn pensiveness
penul penult
pneurus penurious
pneure penury
peone peony
pep people
pepr pepper
pepsn pepsin
pravntr peradventure
pramb^u perambulate
prse^b perceivable
prse perceive
prse^r perceiver
prsentj percentage
prsep precept
prsep^b perceptibility

# Page 134 Column 1
prsep perceptible
prsepsh perception
prseptv perceptive
perch perch
prchans perchance
prkola percolate
prkolatr percolator
prkush percussion
pe~dsh perdition
premtren peremptoriness
premtre peremptory
prenl perennial
prf perfect
prf^r perfecter
prfsh perfection
prf^n perfectness
prfedus perfidious
prfede perfidy
prfra perforate
prfrash perforation
prfratr perforator
prfs perforce
prfm perform
prfmns performance
prfme~ performer
prfeum perfume
prfeumre perfumery

# Page 134 Column 2
prfnkren perfunctoriness
prfnk perfunctory
praps perhaps
perl peril
perlus perilous
pe~d period
pe~d^k periodical
prapt^a peripatetic
prefre periphery
preskp periscope
persh perish
persh^b perishability
pershb perishable
pershbn perishableness
persti~ peristyle
pe~tn^ts peritonitis
prju perjure
prju^r perjure
prmns permanence
prmn permanent
prm^b permeability
prmeb permeable
prma&'te permeate
prma&'sh permeation
prmesb permissible
prmsh permission
prmet permit

# Page 134 Column 3
prmutb permutable
prmutsh premutation
prnesh perniciuos
prrash peroration
proxi peroxide
prpnd perpendicular
prptrb perpetrable
prptra perpetrate
prptrash perpetration
prptratr perpetrator
prptl perpetual
prptut perpetuate
prpteush perpetuation
prptute perpetuity
prplex perplex
prplexte perplexity
prkest perquisite
prsek persecute
prseksh persecution
prsek^r persecutor
prsevns perseverance
prsev persevere
prss persist
prssns persistence
prssnt presistent
prs) person
prs) personal
prs)^b personable

# Page 135 Column 1
prs)j personage
prs)^l personality
prs)nat personate
prs)nsh personation
prs)natr personator
prs)^f personification
prs)nel personnel
prsptv perspective
prspkash perspicacious
prspk perspicacity
prspkeu perspicuity
prsprash perspiration
prspi perspire
prsa_ persuade
prsa_de~ persuader
prsas^b persuasibility
prsa_sh persuasion
prsa_s persuasive
pe~t pert
pe~tn pertain
pe~tnash pertinacious
pe~tn^s) pertinacity
pe~tn-nt pertinent
pe~tb perturb
pe~tb^b perturbability
pe~tbb perturbable
pe~tbash perturbation

# Page 135 Column 2
perusl perusal
perus peruse
perusr peruser
prvad pervade
prvash pervasion
prves perverse
prvesn perverseness
prversh perversion
prvaste perversity
prve~t pervert
prvus pervious
prvusn perviousness
pesmsm pessimism
pesmes pessimist
pesm^st pessimistic
pest pest
peste~ pester
pestef pestiferous
pestlens pestilence
pestlent pestilent
petl petal
ptsh petition
ptshr petitionary
ptshe~ petitioner
pe^faksh petrifaction
pe^f petrify
pe^lem petroleum

# Page 135 Column 3
pten pettiness
pte petty
ptlans petulance
ptlant petulant
peu pew
peute~ pewter
fa,tn phaeton
? falankx phalanx
fantasm phantasm
fan-tm phantom
fa~mse pharmacy
? farenx pharynx
fas phase
fesnt pheasant
fenom phenomenal
fenomn phenomenon
fa&el phial
felanpk philanthropic
felanpes philanthropist
felan philanthropy
fel'amnek philharmonic
fel^o( philology
feloso^r philosopher
felos^k philosophical
felosfiz philosophize
feloso philosophy
flem phlegm

# Page 136 Column 1
fleg^a phlegmatic
fleg^a| phlegmatical
fn^a phonetic
fnek phonic
pn^o phonograph
fn^or phonographer
fn^ok phonographic
fn^oe phonography
fn^o( phonology
fosfat phosphate
fosfra phosphorate
fosfrus phosphorus
ft^o photograph
ft^or photographer
ft^ok photographic
ft^oe photography
? fras phrase
fras^g phraseogram
fras^o( phraseology
fren^o( phrenology
fes^k physical
fesesh physician
fesks physics
fes^o( physiology
fese,k physique
pa&'nes pianist

# Page 136 Column 2
pa&'no piano
pa&'nola pianola
pa&'za piazza
pika pica
pekun picayune
pek pick
pkrel pickerel
pket picket
pkl pickle
pknek picnic
pktrl pictorial
pktr picture
pktresk picturesque
pi pie
pes piece
pesmel piecemeal
per pier
pers pierce
pa&ete piety
pejn pigeon
pegm pigment
pik pike
pil pile
pelfr pilfer
pel^g pilgrim
pel^gj pilgrimage
pelj pillage

# Page 136 Column 3
pelje~ pillager
pelr pillar
pelre pillory
pelo pillow
pilut pilot
pen pin
penche~| pinchers
pench pinch
pin pine
? pne-un pinion
penk pink
pn^k pinnacle
pint pint
pa&ene~ pioneero
pa&es pious
pip pipe
peknse piquancy
peknt piquant
pe,k pique
pirse piracy
pirat pirate
pestl pistol
pestn piston
pech pitch
peche~ pitcher
? ptes piteous
pthe pithy

# Page 137 Column 1
pteb pitiable
? ptef pitiful
? ptel pitiless
petns pittance
pte pity
pevt pivot
plak^b placability
plakb placable
plaka~d placard
plakat placate
plas place
plasl placeless
plasd placid
plasdte placidity
plajrsm plagiarism
plajres plagiarist
plajriz plagiarize
plag plague
plad plaid
plan plain
plant plaint
ptf plaintiff
plantv plaintive
plat plait
plan plan
pla,n plane
planet planet

# Page 137 Column 2
plank plank
plant plant
plantsh plantation
plantr planter
plaste~ plaster
pl^st plastic
plat plate
plato plateau
platn platen
platf platform
platnum platinum
platet platitude
plate~ platter
plodtre plauditory
plos^b plausibility
plosb plausible
pla play
plar player
plaf playful
plagr playground
plamat playmate
plari playwright
ple plea 
pled plead
ples pleasant
plesn pleasantness
ples^re pleasantry

# Page 137 Column 3
pl please
pleshb pleasurable
plesh pleasure
plebn plebeian
plej pledge
pleje~ pledger
plenre plenary
plenep plenipotentiary
plenetu plenitude
plents plenteous
plentf plentiful
plente plenty
pli^b pliability
plib pliable
plint pliant
plirs pliers
pli plight
plod plod
plode~ plodder
plot plot
plau plow
pluk pluck
pluken pluckiness
pluke plucky
plug plug
plm plum
plumj plumage

# Page 138 Column 1
plme~ plumber
plum plume
plmp plump
plndr plunder
plndrr plunderer
plnj plunge
plrl plural
plr^l plurality
plus plus
plsh plush
plutok plutocrat
plutok^a plutocratic
pli ply
num^a pneumatic
numna&' pneumonia
poch poach
poche~ poacher
poket pocket
pod pod
po,em poem
po,ese poesy
po,et poet
po^a| poetical
po,etre poetry
poenanse poignancy
poenant poignant
oe point

# Page 138 Column 2
oe^r pointer
poes poise
poesn poison
poesnus poisonous
pok poke
pokr poker
polr polar
pol^r polarity
polrezsh polarization
polriz polarize
pol pole
poles police
polesmn policeman
pol policy
polesh polish
poleshe~ polisher
poli polite
polit-n politeness
pol^a politic
pol^a| political
poletsh politician
pol^as politics
p^l polity
pol poll
polen pollen
polut pollute
polsh pollution

# Page 138 Column 3
polo polo
poleg polygamy
poletek polytechnic
pomad pomade
pml pommel
pomp pomp
pomp^s) pomposity
pompus pompous
pond pond
pondr ponder
pondrus ponderous
ponje pongee
pona~d poniard
pon-tf pontiff
pontun pontoon
pone pony
pudl poodle
pul pool
pu poor
pu'us poorhouse
pue poorly
popkrn popcorn
pop pope
poplr poplar
poplen poplin
pope poppy
poplas populace

# Page 139 Column 1
pop popular
pop^r popularity
popezsh popularization
popiz popularize
pop^u populate
pop^ush population
poselan porcelain
porch porch
por pore
pork pork
porus porous
porusn porousness
porpus porpoise
porej porridge
pot port
pot^b portability
potb portable
potj portage
potl portal
potn-d portend
potn-t portent
potn-tus portentous
pote~ porter
poterj porterage
potfoleo portfolio
poteko portico
pota~ portiere

# Page 139 Column 2
porsh portion
porshl portionless
poten portliness
pote portly
potra portrait
potratr portraiture
potra portray
potral portrayal
pos pose
posh position
postv positive
postvn positiveness
poss possess
poss possession
possv possessive
possr possessor
pos^b possibility
pos possible
post post
p^j postage
p^l postal
p^k postal card
p^ka~d post card
p^dt postdate
p^r poster
poster posterior
pos^r posterity
posten postern

# Page 139 Column 3
p^grad postgraduate
p^ast posthaste
postmus posthumous
p^mn postman
p^mark postmark
p^mas postmaster
p^me~da&'n postmeridian
p^motm postmortem
p^o post-office
p^pd postpaid
p^pn postpone
? p^pn-m postponement
p^s) postscript
postlant postulant
pos^u postulate
postr posture
pot pot
potash potash
potasm potassium
potato potato
potnse potency
potn-t potent
potn-ta potentate
potnsh potential
pot'uk pothook
posh potion
potj pottage

# Page 140 Column 1
pote~ potter
pauch pouch
poltes poultice
poltre poultry
pns pounce
pn pound
por pour
paut pout
pov poverty
paude~ powder
pau power
pauv powerful
paul powerless
prkt^b practicability
prktb practicable
prk^k practical
prkt practice
prktsh practician
prktshe~ practitioner
pragm^a pragmatic
pragmat pragmatism
prare prairie
pras praise
prasthen praiseworthiness
prasthe praiseworthy
prans prance
prank prank

# Page 140 Column 2
prat prate
prat^e pratingly
pratl prattle
prar prayer
prarf prayerful
prarl prayerless
prech preach
preche~ precher
pra&'mb preamble
pra&'a prearrange
prekar precarious
prekarn precariousness
prekosh precaution
prese precede
presdns precedence
presdn precedent
presep precept
preseptr preceptor
preseptr preceptorial
preseptre preceptory
preseptres preceptress
presenk precinct
preshus precious
preshusn preciousness
prespes precipice
presep precipitable
preseptnse precipitancy 

# Page 140 Column 3
preseptn precipitant
presepta precipitate
preseptsh precipitation
presptus precipitous
pres) precise
presesh precision
preklu preclude
prekosh precocious
prek^s) precocity
prekrsr precursor
predtre predatory
predss predecessor
predestnat predestinate
predestnsh predestination
predek predicament
predekat predicate
predeksh predication
predek predict
predsh prediction
predelsh predilection
predspo predispose
predomns predominance
predomn predominant
predomnat predominate
predomnsh predomination
? preemns preeminence
? preemn preeminent

# Page 141 Column 1
? preemt preempt
? preemsh preemption
pren preen
prefas preface
prefatre prefatory
prefk prefect
pref prefer
pref^b preferable
prefns preference
prefnsh preferential
prefm preferment
prefex prefix
prej prejudice
prejdsh prejudicial
prelat prelate
prelem preliminary
prelu prelude
prematr premature
premedsh premeditation
preme~ premier
premes premise
premss premises
premm premium
premnsh premonition
preokpse preoccupancy
preokp preoccupation
preokp preoccupy

# Page 141 Column 2
prepsh preparation
prep^v preparative
prep^re preparatory
prep prepare
prepa prepay
prepam prepayment
prepond preponderance
prepondse preponderancy
prepondra preponderate
prepondrash preponderation
preposh preposition
preposs prepossess
preposs^e prepossessingly
prepos preposterous
prerkest prerequisite
rerog prerogative
pres presbyterian
preshns prescience
preskr prescribe
preskrsh prescription
preskrv prescriptive
presns presence
pres present
presb presentable
pressh presentation
? presnt-m presentiment
presevash preservation

# Page 141 Column 3
presevtv preservative
presev preserve
presi preside
presdnse presidency
presdn president
presdnsh presidential
pres press
prest pressed
preshu pressure
prestdj prestidigitator
prsmbe presumably
prsm presume
prsm^te presumedly
prsmsh presumption
prsmtv prsumptive
prespo presuppose
presposh presupposition
pretn pretend
pretn-de~ pretender
pretns pretense
pretnsh pretension
pretnshus pretentious
pretnat preternatural
pretex pretext
preten prettiness
prete pretty

# Page 142 Column 1
preva prevail
preval prevalent
prevar prevaricate
prevarsh prevarication
prevar^r prevaricator
prevnt prevent
prevnt^b preventability
prevntb preventable
prevnsh prevention
prevntv preventive
prevs previous
prevesh prevision
pris price
prisl priceless
prek prick
pri pride
pridf prideful
prest priest
prest^d priesthood
preg prig
prem prim
priml primal
primre primary
prim prime
preme~ primer
primev primeval
premetv primitive 

# Page 142 Column 2
prens prince
prense princely
prenss princess
pr principal 
pr principle
pr^l principality
prent print
prentr printer
pra&er prior
pri^r priority
presn prison
presne~ prisoner
prestn pristine
privse privacy
pri private
pra&e privately
privash privation
prev privilege
priz, prize
pr^b probability
prb probable
prbt probate
prbash probation
prbashe~ probationer
prob probe
prbte probity
prbl problem

# Page 142 Column 3
prbl^a problematic
prse^r procedure
prse proceed
prses proceeds
prss process
prsesh procession
prseshl processional
prokla proclaim
proklamsh proclamation
prok^v proclivity
prokras procrastinate
prokrassh procrastination
prokras^r procrastinator
prokr procure
prod prod
prodeg prodigal
prodeg^l prodigality
prodjus prodigious
prodje prodigy
produs produce
produsr producer
produsb producible
produk product
prodsh production
produkv productive
prfan profane
prfes profess

# Page 143 Column 1
prfesh profession
prfeshl professional
prfesr professor
prfer proffer
prfeshse proficiency
prfesht proficient
prfil profile
prft profit
prftb profitable
prftl profitless
prfleg profligate
prfnd profound
prfndete profundity
prfeu profuse
prfeush profusion
prjenetr progenitor
prjene progeny
prg^st prognostic
prg^stat prognosticate
pr^g program
prg progress
prgsh progression
prg^v progressive
pr'ebt prohibit
pr'ebsh prohibition
pr'ektr prohibitory

# Page 143 Column 2
prjk project
prjktl projectile
prjksh projection
prjkr projector
prletar proletarian
prletara&'t proletariat
prlef prolific
prlex prolix
prlog prologue
prlng prolong
prlngat prolongate
prlngsh prolongation
prmnad promenade
promns prominence
promn prominent
prmesk promiscuous
prmes promise
prmesre promissory
prmn-tre promontory
prmot promote
prmote~ promoter
prmosh promotion
prmt prompt
prmtr prompter
prmtetu promptitude
prmt-n promptness
prmul promulgate

# Page 143 Column 3
prmulsh promulgation
prmul^r promulgator
pron prone
pron-n proneness
prong prong
prnom pronominal
prn-n pronoun
prn-ns pronounce
prn-nsb pronounceable
prnunsa&'sh pronunciation
prnunsa&'^r pronunciator
prf proof
prop prop
prpganda propaganda
prpgat propagate
prpgsh propagation
prpl propel
prplr propeller
prpns propensity
prpr proper
prpt property
prfse prophecy
prfet prophet
prf^a| prophetical
prpenk propinquity
prpesha&'t propitiate
prpesh propitiation

# Page 144 Column 1
prpeshus propitious
prpon propone
prprsh proportion
prprshb proportionable
prprshl proportional
prprshat proportionate
prprsht proportioned
prpol proposal
prpo propose
prposh proposition
prpn propound
prpn^r propounder
prpri^re proprietary
prpri proprietor
prprite propriety
prplsh propulsion
prra pro rata
prsak prosaic
prsenem proscenium
prskr proscribe
prskr proscript
prskrsh proscription
pros prose
prsk prosecute
prsksh prosecution
prsk^r prosecutor
prsp prospect

# Page 144 Column 2
prsp^v prospective
prspus prospectus
prspr prosper
prsp^r prosperity
prsprus prosperous
prstra prostrate
prstrash prostration
prose prosy
prot protect
protsh protection
prot^v protective
protsha protege
protes protest
protes^nt protestant
protessh protestation
protes^r protester
protrk protract
protrksh protraction
protrak^r protractor
protrud protrude
protrusv protrusive
protbns protuberance
? protb protuberant
prau proud
praude proudly
praud-n proudness
prv prove
prvn proven
prvndr provender
prverb proverb
prverbl proverbial
prvi provide
prvdns providence
prvdn provident
prvdnsh providential
prvens province
prvensh provincial
prvesh provision
prveshl provisional
prviso proviso
prvkash provocation
prvktv provocative
prvk provoke
prvos provost
praues prowess
praul prowl
? prs^mt proximity
prx proximo
prxe proxy
prud prude
prudns prudence
prudn prudent
prudnsh prudential
prun prune

# Page 145 Column 1
pri pry
sam psalm
sames psalmist
samode psalmody
solte~ psalter
sudnem pseudonym
sho pshaw
sik^k psychical
sik^o( psychology
tomn ptomaine
pb public
pbsh publication
pb^s) publicity
pb publish
pb^r publisher
pukr pucker
pud' pudding
pudl puddle
peurl puerile
puf puff
peug pugilist
pgnash pugnacious
pgn^s) pugnacity
peusns puissance
peusnt puissant
pukretu pulchritude
pul pull

# Page 145 Column 2
pule pulley
plmre pulmonary
plpt pulpit
plsa pulsate
plsash pulsation
pls pulse
plvrezsh pulverization
plvriz pulverize
pmes pumice
pup pump
pnch punch
pnktel punctilious
pnk punctual
pnk^l punctuality
pnku punctuate
pnksh punctuation
pnktr puncture
pnjnt pungent
pnesh punish
pneshb punishable
pneshm punishment
peune puny
ppl pupil
pupt puppet
pupe puppy
prchb purchasable
prch purchase

# Page 145 Column 3
prch^r purchaser
peu pure
prgatre purgatory
prj purge
peu^f purification
peuf purifier
peuf purify
peutn puritan
p^r purity
prloe purloin
prpl purple
prpor purport
prporl purportless
prp purpose
pur purr
prs purse
prser purser
prsuns pursuance
prsunt pursuant
prsu pursue
? prva purvey
prveu purview
psh push
peuslan pusillanimous
p put
peutatv putative
pute putty

# Page 146 Column 1
puzl puzzle
puzlm puzzlement

# Page 146 Column 2
puzlr puzzler
pe~med pyramid

# Page 146 Column 3
pir^o-e pyrography
pirotek pyrotechnics
