
# Page 149 Column 1
rabi rabbi
rabn^k rabbinical
nabt rabbit
nab rabble
rabd rabid
ras race
raser racer
rak rack
raket racket
rase racy
radens radiance
rad-nt radiant
rada&'t radiate
rada&'sh radiation
radr radiator
rad^k radical
rad^ksm radicalism
rad^kn radicalness
radsh radish
radm radium
radus radius
rafl raffle
raft raft
rafte~ rafter
rag rag
raj rage

# Page 149 Column 2
raged ragged
raged-n raggedness
rad raid
ral rail
ralre raillery
rr railroad
rl railway
ran rain
ranbo rainbow
ras raise
rasd raised
rasn raisin
rak rake
rakesh rakish
rale rally
ram ram
ramb ramble
ram^f ramification
ramef ramify
rampj rampage
rampse rampancy
rampnt rampant
rampt rampart
ramrod ramrod
ramshakl ramshackle
ranch ranch

# Page 149 Column 3
ranchmn ranchman
ransd rancid
ransdte rancidity
ransd-n rancidness
rankr rancor
rankrus rancorous
ran-dm random
ranj range
ranje~ ranger
rank rank
rankl rankle
ransak ransack
ransm ransom
ransme~ ransomer
ransml ransomeless
rant rant
rap rap
rapash rapacious
rap^s) rapacity
rapd rapid
rapdte rapidity
raper rapier
rapt rapt
raptr rapture
raptrus rapturous
rar rare
raref rarefy

# Page 150 Column 1
rarn rareness
r^r rarity
raskl rascal
rask^l rascality
rash rash
rashn rashness
rasp rasp
rachet ratchet
rat rate
rath rather
rat^f ratification
? radf^r ratifier
? radf ratify
rasho ratio
rash ration
rashl rational
rashlsm rationalism
rash^l rationality
ratn rattan
ratl rattle
rokus raucous
ravj ravage
ravje~ ravager
rav rave
ravl ravel
ravn raven
ravnus ravenous

# Page 150 Column 2
raven ravine
ravesh ravish
ro raw
ra ray
raz, raze
razor razor
rech reach
rechb reachable
ra&'kt react
ra&'ksh reaction
ra&'kshre reactionary
red read
redb readable
rede~ reader
rede| readily
reden readiness
rede ready
re real
re^sm realism
re^st realist
re^sta| realistically
re^l reality
relezsh realization
reliz realize
re| really
relm realm
relte realty 

# Page 150 Column 3
rem ream
ra&'nemat reanimate
rep reap
repr reaper
ra&'pr reappear
? reoe reappoint
rer rear
rara rearrange
rsn reason
rsnb reasonable
rsne~ reasoner
rsnl reasonless
ra&'shu reassure
rbat rebate
rebl rebel
rbeln rebellion
rbelus rebellious
nbn rebound
? rbl rebuild
rbeuk rebuke
rbus rebus
rbt rebut
rbtl rebuttal
reko recall
rekant recant
rekap^u recapitulate

# Page 151 Column 1
rekap^ush recapitulation
rekaptr recapture
rekas recast
rsed recede
rese receipt
rse^b receivability
rseb receivable
rse receive
rser receiver
rsersh receivership
rs) recent
rsep^k receptacle
rsep reception
rseptv receptive
rsep^v receptivity
rss recess
rseshl recessional
resepe recipe
rsepns recipience
rsepent recipient
rsep^k reciprocal
rsep reciprocate
rsepr^s) reciprocity
rsitl recital
restsh recitation
restatv recitative
rsit recite

# Page 151 Column 2
rekl reckless
rekn reckon
re^m reclaim
re^msh reclamation
re^nsh reclination
re^n recline
re^nd reclined
re^s) recluse
re^sh reclusion
rknsh recognition
rknizb recognizable
rkniz recognize
rekoe recoil
? r recollect
? rsh recollection
rkmn recommend
rkmnb recommendable
rkmnsh recommendation
rkpns recompense
rkpo recompose
rkposh recomposition
rksi^b reconcilable
rksi reconcile
rksel reconciliation
rkdi recondite
rknoe reconnoiter
reks reconsider

# Page 151 Column 3
rks(^k reconstruct
rks(^ksh reconstruction
rkd record
rkde~ recorder
reknt recount
rekup recoup
rekrs recourse
rekv recover
rekv^b recoverable
rekve recovery
rekra&'nt recreant
rekra&'t recreate
rekra&'sh recreation
? rekremn recriminate
rekrut recruit
rektag rectangular
? rekdf^b rectifiable
rekt^f rectification
? rekdf^r rectifier
? rekdf rectify
rektelena&'~ rectilinear
rektet rectitude
rektr rector
rektre rectory
rekmb recumbent
rekeup recuperate
rekeupsh recuperation

# Page 152 Column 1
rekr recur
reke~nt recurrent
red red
redn redden
redm redeem
redmb redeemable
redmsh redemption
reds^b redistribute
reds^bsh redistribution
red-n redness
redolent redolent
redub redouble
redau redoubtable
red-nd redound
redres redress
redus reduce
redusb reducible
redsh reduction
red-ndse redundancy
red-nd redundant
ref reef
rel reel
rfksh refection
rf refer
rf reference
rf^b referable
rfe referee
rfndm referendum

# Page 152 Column 2
rfin refine
rfin-m refinement
rfl reflect
rflsh reflection
rflv reflective
rfl^r reflector
rflex reflex
rfm reform
rfmsh reformation
rfm^re reformatory
rfme~ reformer
rfrak refract
rfraksh refraction
rfrakr refractor
rfran refrain
rfresh refresh
rfreshm refreshment
rfrej refrigerate
rfrej refrigeration
rfrej^r refrigerator
rfeuj refuge
rfeuje refugee
rfljnt refulgent
rfnd refund
rfeu^b refusable
rfeul refusal
rfeu refuse

# Page 152 Column 3
rfeut^b refutability
rfeutb refutable
rfeutsh refutation
rfeutatre refutatory
rfeut refute
regan regain
regl regal
regal regale
regala&' regalia
re regard
re^b regardable
re^f regardful
re^les regardless
regata regatta
rjen regenerate
rjensh regeneration
rejnt regent
rashem regime
rejemn regimen
rejm regiment
rejn region
rejes register
rejestrar registrar
rejestrash registration
rejestre registry
reg regret
reg^f regretful

# Page 153 Column 1
reg^b regrettable
reg regular
reg^r regularity
reg^ush regulation
reg^ur regulator
r'abelet rehabilitate
r'ersal rehearsal
r'ers rehearse
ran reign
rmbrs reimburse
rmbrsm reimbursement
rnkrna reincarnate
rnkrnsh reincarnation
rmplant reimplant
rnst reinstate
rnst-m reinstatement
retra reiterate
retrash reiteration
rjk reject
rjkb rejectable
rjkr rejecter
rjoes rejoice
rjoes^e rejoicingly
rjoen rejoin
rjoendr rejoinder
rjuv rejuvenate
relaps relapse

# Page 153 Column 2
rela relate
relash relation
rel relative
rel^v relativity
relax relax
? relaxb relaxable
relaxsh relaxation
rela relay
relesb releasable
reles release
releg relegate
relegsh relegation
relent relent
relentl relentless
relvns relevance
relvnt relevant
reli^b reliability
relib reliable
relins reliance
relint reliant
relek relic
relef relief
relevb relievable
relev relieve
relevr reliever
relej religion
relejst religionist

# Page 153 Column 3
relejus religious
relejusn religiousness
relenk relinquish
relesh relish
releshb relishable
reluk reluctance
reli rely
remn remain
remne~ remainder
reman remand
rm remark
rmb remarkable
remedl remedial
remdel remediless
remde remedy
remm remember
remmbrans remembrance
remi remind
remi^r reminder
reminf remindful
remnes reminiscence
remnes reminiscent
remesn remissness
rem remit
rem remittance
rem-n remnant
remodl remodel
remons remonstrance
remos remorse

# Page 154 Column 1
remosl remorseless
remot remote
remn-t remount
remu^b removable
remul removal
remu remove
remeunb remunerable
remeun remunerate
remeunsh remuneration
remeun^v remunerative
rensans renaissance
rend render
randvu rendezvous
rendsh rendition
renegad renegade
renu renew
renul renewal
ren-ns renounce
renovat renovate
renovash renovation
renovatr renovator
ren-n renown
ren-nd renowned
rentl rental
renunsash renunciation
renuns^re renunciatory
ropn reopen

# Page 154 Column 2
rog reorganize
rpar repair
rparb reparable
rparash reparation
rpa~te repartee
rpas repast
rpa repay
rpel repeal
rpe repeat
rpe^te repeatedly
rpl repel
rplent repellent
rpnt repent
rpnt-ns repentance
rpnt-nt repentant
rpe~ta~_ repertoire
rpe~tre repertory
reptsh repetition
rpin repine
rpin^e repiningly
rplas replace
rplensh replenish
rple replete
rplesh repletion
rplev replevin
repleka replica
rep reply

# Page 154 Column 3
rpr report
rprr reporter
rprrl reportorial
rpo repose
rpof reposeful
rpos^re repository
rprend reprehend
rprens reprehensible
rprensh reprehension
rprensv reprehensive
rp represent
rpsh representation
rptv representative
rpres repress
rpresh repression
rprev reprieve
rpremn reprimand
rprent reprint
rprisal reprisal
rprch reproach
rprchf reproachful
reprbt reprobate
rprodus reproduce
rprodsh reproduction
rprv reprove
reptl reptile
rpb republic

# Page 155 Column 1
rpbn republican
rpb republish
rpeuda&'t repudiate
rpeuda&'sh repudiation
rpgns repugnance
rpg repugnant
rpls repulse
rplsh repulsion
rplsv repulsive
rpub reputable
rpush reputation
rpu repute
rkes request
reke_m requiem
rki^b requirable
rki require
rkest requisite
rkessh requisition
rekitl requital
rekit requite
? resend rescind
rsendb rescindable
reskeu rescue
reskeur rescuer
? rsech research
rsemblans resemblance
rsem resemble

# Page 155 Column 2
rsent resent
rsntf resentful
rsent-m resentment
rsevash reservation
rsev reserve
rsevde reservedly
rsevo_r reservoir
rset reset
rsi reside
resdns residence
resdn resident
resdnsh residential
resdu residue
rsedum residumm
rsin resign
resg resignation
rsil resile
rselens resilience
rss resist
rssns resistance
rssl resistless
resolut resolute
resolsh resolution
rsolv resolve
resnans resonance
resnant resonant
rsot resort

# Page 155 Column 3
rsnd resound
rsos resource
res respect
resb respectable
res^r respecter
res respectful
res^v respective
resprash respiration
rspi respire
respt respite
rsplend resplendent
rspnd respond
rsp response
rsp responsible
rsp^v responsive
restrant restaurant
restf restful
restetsh restitution
restv restive
restrash restoration
restratv restorative
rs^n restrain
rs^n^te restrainedly
rs^nt restraint
rs^k restrict
rs^ksh restriction
rsu result
rsu^nt resultant

# Page 156 Column 1
rsma, resume
rsmsh resumption
resereksh resurrection
rssta resuscitate
reta~ retail
retn retain
retnb retainable
retnr retainer
retal retaliate
retalsh retaliation
reta~d retard
reta~d-m retardment
retnsh retention
retn-tv retentive
retes reticence
retes reticent
retekeu reticule
retna retina
reteu retinue
reti~ retire
reti~d retired
retim retirement
retot retort
? retch retouch
r^k retract
r^ksh retraction
r^kr retractor
r^t retreat

# Page 156 Column 2
r^nch retrench
r^nchm retrenchment
r^bsh retribution
r^v retrieve
r^vr retriever
r^sed retrocede
r^sesh retrocession
r^gra retrograde
r^gres retrogression
r^sp retrospect
r^spsh retrospection
r^sp^v retrospective
ret return
? re-eun reunion
rvel reveal
? rvela reveille
revl revel
revlash revelation
revlre revelry
rvenj revenge
rvenjf revengeful
revnu revenue
rvrb reverberate
rver revere
revns reverence
rev reverend
revnsh reverential

# Page 156 Column 3
rvesl reversal
rves reverse
rvesb reversible
rversh reversion
rve~t revert
revre revery
rveu review
rvil revile
rvis revise
rvesh revision
rvi^l revival
rvevf revivify
revkb revocable
revkash revocation
rvk revoke
rvolt revolt
rvo revolution
rvo^re revolutionary
? rvoz revolutionize
rvol revolve
rvolv revolver
rvlsh revulsion
re^d reward
re^de~ rewarder
rapsdiz rhapsodize
rapsde rhapsody
retrk rhetoric

# Page 157 Column 1
retor^k rhetorical
retresh rhetorician
rum^a rheumatic
rumatsm rheumatism
rinston rhinestone
rinos rhinoceros
rbrb rhubarb
rim rhyme
riml rhymeless
rime~ rhymer
rethm rhythm
rethmek rhythmic
ribn ribbon
ris rice
rechs riches
rechn richness
redns riddance
redl riddle
rid ride
ride~ rider
rej ridge
redek ridicule
rifl rifle
reft rift
reg rig
rich righteous
richn righteousness

# Page 157 Column 2
rif rightful
ra&e rightly
rejd rigid
rejdte rigidity
rigmarl rigmarole
regr rigor
regrus rigorous
renglet ringlet
res rinse
ra&et riot
ra&etus riotous
rep rip
reparn riparian
rip ripe
ripn ripen
ripnd ripened
ripnes ripeness
repl ripple
resn risen
res^b risibility
resb risible
reske risky
retl ritual
retlsm ritualism
riv rival
rivre rivalry
rev river

# Page 157 Column 3
revet rivet
revlet rivulet
rodste~ roadster
roda_ roadway
rom roam
ror roar
rost roast
robre robbery
rob robe
robn robin
robus robust
robusn robustness
roket rocket
rod rod
rodn-t rodent
rog rogue
rogre roguery
rogesh roguish
roeste~ roister
roeste~^r roisterer
rol roll
romns romance
romnser romancer
rom^n romantic
romp romp
ruf roof
rukre rookery

# Page 158 Column 1
rm room
rmen roominess
rme roomy
rust roost
rut root
rop rope
rosare rosary
ros rose
rosbsh rosebush
rosmre rosemary
roset rosette
rosu_d rosewood
rosn rosin
roste~ roster
rostrm rostrum
rot rot
rotre rotary
rota rotate
rotsh rotation
rotn rotten
rot-nda rotunda
rush, rouge
ruf rough
rufn roughen

# Page 158 Column 2
rufnes roughness
rulet roulette
rnde roundly
rnd-n roundness
raus rouse
raut rout
rut route
ruten routine
ro row
raude rowdy
roel royal
roe^l royalty
rub rub
rubr rubber
? rubesh rubbish
rbknd rubicund
? rubrk rubric
rube ruby
rude~ rudder
rudem rudiment
rudemre rudimentary
ruf rueful
rufa&'n ruffian
rufl ruffle

# Page 158 Column 3
ruflr ruffler
ruged rugged
rugede ruggedly
ru,n ruin
runus ruinous
rl rule
rlr ruler
rmb rumble
rmb^r rumbler
rumnat ruminate
rumnsh rumination
rmj rummage
rumr rumor
rmp rumple
rpe rupee
rrl rural
rus ruse
? rsh rush
ruset russet
r^st rustic
rust^s) rusticity
rusl rustle
? ruth(l ruthless
