# Begin V's
# Page 195 Column 1
vaknse vacancy
vaknt vacant
vakat vacate
vakash vacation
vaksnat vaccinate
vaksnash vaccination
vaksen vaccine
vasla vacillate
vaslash vacillation
vakeute vacuity
vakeum vacuum
vagbond vagabond
vagbondj vagabondage
vagre vagary
vagrnse vagrancy
vagrnt vagrant
vag vague
vagn vagueness
vanglo vainglory
vann vainness
valans valance
valedsh valediction
valedek valedictorian
valedek^re valedictory
valentn valentine

# Page 195 Column 2
valet valet
valetudn valetudinarian
vala&'nt valiant
valed valid
valedte validity
valedn validness
vales valise
vale valley
valr valor
vlb valuable
vlsh valuation
vl value
vll valueless
valvat valvate
valv valve
valvlr valvular
vamp vamp
vampi vampire
vandl vandal
vandik vandyke
vanga~d vanguard
vanela vanilla
vanesh vanish
v^nt vanity
vanke_sh vanquish
vantj vantage
vapd vapid

# Page 195 Column 3
vapdte vapidity
vapr vapor
vapris vaporize
vaprus vaporous
var^b variability
varb variable
vara&'ns variance
vara&'nt variant
vara&'sh variation
varekos varicose
vared varied
varegat variegate
varegsh variegation
vri variety
varfm variform
vars various
va~nsh varnish
va~nshe~ varnisher
vare vary
vaskeu vascular
vas vase
vaslen vaseline
vasl vassal
vaslj vassalage
vast vast
vastn vastness
vatekn vatican

# Page 196 Column 1
vodv vaudeville
volt vault
vont vaunt
vontf vauntful
vel veal
ver veer
vejt vegetable
vejtarn vegetarian
vejta vegetate
vejtsh vegetation
v'emns vehemence
v'emnt vehement
ve^k vehicle
v'ekeulr vehicular
val veil
vanl veinless
velekat vellicate
velm vellum
veluspd velocipede
vel^s) velocity
velvt velvet
velvtn velveteen
velvte velvety
venl venal
ven^l venality
vend vend
? vnde, vendee

# Page 196 Column 2
vndr vender
vndb vendible
vndsh vendition
vene~ veneer
venrb venerable
venra venerate
venrash veneration
venesh venetian
venjns vengeance
venjf vengeful
vena&'l venial
venun venison
venum venom
venumus venomous
ven^s) venosity
venus venous
vent vent
vntla ventilate
vntlash ventilation
vntlatr ventilator
vntr^k ventricle
vntrel ventriloquism
vntrelok ventriloquist
vntr venture
vntrsm venturesome
vntrus venturous
venus venus

# Page 196 Column 3
verash veracious
ver^s) veracity
veranda veranda
verb verb
verbl verbal
verblis verbalize
verbna verbena
verbj verbiage
verbos verbose
verb^s) verbosity
ve~dnt verdant
ve~d verdict
ve~dur verdure
verj verge
veref^b verifiable
ver^f verification
veref verify
vere| verily
ve~tb veritable
v^r verity
ve~msele vermicelli
ve~mek vermicular
ve~mek^u vermiculate
ve~mfm vermiform
ve~meln vermilion
ve~mn vermin
ve~mnus verminous

# Page 197 Column 1
ve~nak vernacular
ve~naksm vernacularism
ve~nl vernal 
vesl versatile
vest^l versatility
ves verse
vest versed
ves^k versicle
ves^f versification
vesf versify
versh version
vss versus
ve~tbra vertebra
ve~tbrl vertebral
ve~tex vertex
ve~t^k vertical
ve~teg vertigo
ve very
ves^k vesicle
vespr vesper
vesl vessel
vestl vestal
vestb vestibule
vestj vestige
vestm vestment
vestre vestry
vestremn vestryman

# Page 197 Column 2
vestr vesture
vetran veteran
vetrenre veterinary
veto veto
vex vex
vexsh vexation
vexashus vexatious
? va&eduk viaduct
? va&el vial
? va&end viand
vibrant vibrant
vibra vibrate
vibrash vibration
vekr vicar
vekrj vicarage
vikra&'t vicariate
vikrus vicarious
vis vice
? v\v vice versa
vesnj vicinage
ves^nt vicinity
veshus vicious
vesstu vicissitude
vektm victim
vektmis victimize
vektr victor
vektrus victorious

# Page 197 Column 3
vektre victory
vetl victual
veu view
veul viewless
vejl vigil
vejlns vigilance
vej vigilant
venet vignette
vgr vigor
vgrus vigorous
vik. viking
vil vile
velef vilify
vilpnd vilipend
vela villa
velj village
velje~ villager
velen villain
velenus villainous
velene villany
velefm villiform
viagret vinaigrette
vensb vincible
venkulm vinculum
vndek vidicate
vdekatv vindicative
vndekatr vindicator

# Page 198 Column 1
vndekv vindictive
vin vine
venegr vinegar
venegre vinegary
vena|~d vineyard
vntj vintage
vntne~ vintner
vil viol
vilb violable
vila violate
vilash violation
vilens violence
vilent violent
vilesent violescent
vilet violet
vilen violin
vilenes violinist
vipr viper
verago virago
vejn virgin
veredes viridescence
veredte viridity
verl virile
ver^l virility
ve~tl virtual
ve~t^l virtuality
ve~ta| virtually

# Page 198 Column 2
ve~tu virtue
ve~tul virtueless
ve~tus virtuous
verlens virulence
verlent virulent
vesj visage
vesve vis-a-vis
? viknt viscount
? vikntes viscountess
veskus viscous
vis vise
ves^b visibility
veb visible
vesh vision
veshre visionary
vest visit
vestsh visition
vestr visitor
vesr visor
vesta vista
vesul visual
vesuliz visualize
vitl vital
vitlsm vitalism
vet^l vitality
vitlesh vitalization
vitlis vitalize

# Page 198 Column 3
vita| vitally
vitls vitals
vesha&'t vitiate
veteklchu^l viticultural
veteklchu viticulture
vetrus vitreous
vetrusn vitreousness
vetresns vitrescence
vetrk vitric
vetrfeksh vitrifaction
vetrfaktr vitrifacture
vetref^b vitrifiable
vetref vitrify
vetrl vitriol
vetrlesh vitriolation
vetrlek vitriolic
vetri vitrite
veta vitta
vitupb vituperable
vitp vituperate
vitupsh vituperation
vitup^v vituperative
vivashus vivacious
vivashusn vivaciousness
viv^s) vivacity
vevd vivid
vev^f vivification

# Page 199 Column 1
vevf vivify
vevseksh vivisection
vevsekshl vivisectional
vevsektr vivisector
vexn vixen
vexnsh vixenish
veser vizier
vesera vizierate
vkab vocabulary
vkabus vocabulist
vkl vocal
vklek vocalic
vklsm vocalism
vkles vocalist
vklessh vocalization
vklis vocalize
vkash vocation
vkatv vocative
vosefrant vociferant
vosefra vociferate
vosefrash vociferation
vosef vociferous
vog vogue
voes voice
voesf voiceful
voesl voiceless
voed void

# Page 199 Column 2
voens voidance
volant volant
volatl volatile
volatln volatileness
volatliz volatlilize
volknek volcanic
volkn^s) volcanicity
volknes volcanist
volkno volcano
volesh volition
voleshl volitional
voletv volitive
vole volley
volt volt
voltj voltage
voltak voltaic
volamete~ voltameter
volmete~ voltmeter
vol^b volubility
volb voluble
volm volume
volmskp volumescope
volumete~ volumeter
volmetrk volumetric
volmnus voluminous
volnte voluntary
volnt volunteer

# Page 199 Column 3
volptre voluptuary
volptus voluptuous
volut volute
volsh volution
vorash voracious
vor^s) voracity
votex vortex
vot^k vortical
votekos vorticose
votre votary
vt vote
vtv votive
vauch vouch
vauche vouchee
vauche~ voucher
vau vow
vl vowel
vlis vowelize
voej voyage
voeje~ voyager
vulkn vulcan
vulkna&'n vulcanian
vulknek vulcanic
vulknessh vulcanization
vulknis vulcanize
vul vulgar
vulsm vulgarism

# Page 200 Column 1
vul^r vulgarity
vulessh vulgarization
vulis vulgarize

# Page 200 Column 2
vuln^b vulnerability
vulnb vulnerable
vulnbn vulnerableness

# Page 200 Column 3
vulner vulnerary
vulchu vulture
vulchus vulturous
